Kokutan-douji wound up staying at the tailor shop for a time.

They couldn’t confirm absolutely that they were true parent and child solely on the word of the mermaid. Even so, they both seemed to figure that, for now, they might learn something if they spent some time together.

That was what both Kayo and Kokutan-douji wanted. As long as their wills were both in sync, there was no one who could tell them otherwise.

“…My my, this whole thing has gotten so strange…” Oyuka sighed, standing before Kokutan-douji after having arrived at the tailor shop.

At that moment Kayo was out of the shop, having gone out to a liquor store with the kimono she had made in hand.

“Long time no see, Oyuka-san,” Kokutan-douji greeted her.

“It has been, hasn’t it. It must have been…ten years? Since I got married and left Momogengou. –It’s a bit late for this but I do want to apologize for being so cold to you back then. In my simple country life I had never seen someone with blond hair before…But since coming here I’ve learned it’s not all that unusual.”

“There are a lot of people here in Enbizaka with foreign genes, aren’t there.”

“Indeed. I’m sure you look the way you do because you too have foreign blood. …Though, well, I don’t know how that would lead to you being born from an ebony tree.”

“…”
Oyuka took off her footwear and sat down next to Kokutan-douji.

“…I just have one thing I want to tell you. This idea that you might be Kayo-san’s son—I think it’s impossible.”

“Why do you think that?”

“Kayo-san’s son died in a fire four years ago, and at that time he had still been a baby. Four years ago, and yet you’re old enough that you were born much earlier than that.”

“That’s true…Four years ago I was…Ten, I think.”

“So you can’t possibly be a reincarnation of Ren. To me, this ‘mermaid revelation’ in itself sounds like a hoax. You could have had a hallucination at sea, mightn’t you?”

“…”

“Haa…” Oyuka again heaved a deep sigh. “…But, well, I don’t mean to sound like I’m objecting to you living with Kayo-san like this.”

“…?”

“Kayo-san…It seems like she’s forgotten that her husband and son died in a fire. I wonder that she’s become like this because somewhere in her heart she doesn’t want to accept it…”

“I guess so…It’s true that when I talk to her I’ve thought there were some inconsistencies on that topic.”

“Whether it’s a lie or the truth, I would be grateful to you if you would just play the role of her son for now. …As long as that would give Kayo-san’s heart a little bit of rest,” Oyuka said, smiling kindly.
“Oyuka-san—”

“However! One word of warning! You might both think of yourselves as parent and child, but the fact of the matter is that you are both a man and woman of apparent age living under the same roof—So I won’t accept you making any weird moves on Kayo!”

“Wh!? I have no intention of–”

“…Well, you seem like a pretty serious sort in that area, so it’s fine. But I’ll be coming to check on you every now and then just to make sure of that!”

With that declaration, Oyuka left the tailor shop.
