Several hours later.

Having gone out from the tailor shop, Kokutan-douji met up with his friend Inukichi at a nearby tea shop.

“Yo! So how’s this Kayo-san, eh? She pretty?” Inukichi asked, stuffing his cheeks with dango.

“Whether she’s pretty or not has nothing to do with it, don’t you think? …Well, I guess if I have to say, I suppose she’s pretty…”

“Well that’s good, ain’t it? Always better for someone to be pretty than homely, yanno? …So, how was it? How’d it feel actually meetin’ your mom?”

“We still haven’t determined that she really is or not. …Hrm, I can’t really say. It certainly didn’t feel like this was the first time that we’d met, though,” Douji replied to Inukichi’s question, sipping tea.

“Either way, that’s what you came here for. Ya better be sure to figure it out.”

“—What about you? Have you found an inn?”

“Ah, sorta. I’m gonna live in a foreign trading house up the hill and work there a bit.”

“A foreign trading house?”

“The place for the Freezis Foundation Firm. I mean, I originally came along with you to Onigashima ‘cause I was interested in foreign culture, after all.”

“That’s right. You said there were a lot of foreigners in Onigashima, and so a lot of opportunities to learn.”

“Apparently they’ve been pretty short on people. They hired me on pretty quick. There’s this strangely young-looking old lady, this black-haired woman with a bewitching aura, this creepy samurai jerk—well, there’s a lot to do and I don’t get think I’ll get bored. Not to mention…Heh heh heh.”

“What is it? Your face is flushing.”

“That maid named Bufuko over there is so adorable! Good gracious, the second I saw her I just fell in love.”

Upon hearing that, Douji made a very long, beleaguered sigh. “…You’re really just working there because of her, aren’t you?”

“Oop, found me out?”

“Anytime you start working hard like this, there’s almost always a woman involved. Ah, oh well.”

“You’re planning to stay here for a while anyhow, right? In that case we should enjoy it…Oh, Miss, more dango please.”

Inukichi set his skewers, all dango on them eaten, on top of his plate.

Douji asked Inukichi, as he gazed up at the people walking along the hill, “How is Saru doing?”

“Apparently she got right to searching around. I think she’s lookin’ for those ‘legendary blades’? She’s tryin’ to find some clue for them.”

“I hope she finds them.”

“I wonder. All the info she has right now is what the founder of her clan passed down. That ‘the blades sleep in Onigashima’. I wonder how she plans to find them with just that alone…Saru’s pretty steadfast but she also misses a lot, so I’m a little worried.”

“Well, we should go help her when we have some spare time. …Apparently there’s something else concerning about this town.” Douji’s expression turned a touch grim.

“Which is?”

“I hear that there’s been some night-time slasher murders going on here at Enbizaka. Two women have been killed.”

“That don’t sound too peaceful.”

“What’s more, there’s apparently been some shifty people mingling in with the crowd recently. They’re all foreigners but also clearly not ordinary people. …They smell like blood.”

“…Here we go again. You’re always wanting to stick your nose into everything like this. That’s why it took us so much longer than planned to get here in the first place.”

“I can’t just let evildoers be.”

“Well, I guess it doesn’t feel so bad to have people’s gratitude, so it’s fine, but…Ooh, they’re here.”

Inukichi rapidly took up the dango he’d ordered and threw them into his mouth in one bite.
