Those peaceful days continued for a little while.

No new murders occurred, but neither was Mei and Miku’s killer captured…Time simply flowed onwards.

Kayo and Kokutan-douji continued on a temporary life of mother and child. Kokutan was embarrassed to be living with her as a freeloader, and so would frequently help out Kayo with her work.

“Thank you. You’re very good with your hands, Ren.”

In practice, despite the fact that he had told her that he’d never sewn before in his life, Douji showed considerable skill at it.

“I’m surprised myself. I didn’t think I’d be so good at sewing things.”

“You’re particularly able when it comes to handling foreign clothes. I’m quite ignorant on those, so I’m very grateful for that. …Now the tailor shop will be secure even when I’m gone.”

“Don’t say things like that. I’ve still got a lot to learn, and besides which everyone still comes to the tailor shop looking for you to fulfill their requests.”

Looking at it from the side, they appeared to be a true mother and child, sitting together in harmony.

I was of the impression that Kayo had begun to smile much more often than before.

“Oi, is Kokutan—I mean, uh, Ren here?”

Still engendering his usual atmosphere of thoughtless optimism, Inukichi had come by to visit.

“Yo, Inukichi.”

“You look hard at work. Feels like you’re really the son of a tailor now, eh?”

He had already come to visit the tailor shop like this many times before, and so Kayo was acquainted with him.

“My my, Inukichi. Welcome.”

“Good day, Kayo-san. …Here you are.”

Inukichi handed something to Kayo.

“What’s this?”

“Apparently it’s the specialty of this foreign country—I think called Lucifenia. It’s called br…bri-something?”

“Goodness, thank you. …Well then, I’ll go prepare some tea,” Kayo said, retiring to the back of the house with the “bri-something”.
Douji continued sewing and asked Inukichi, “How have things been going for you, Inukichi?”

“Ah…Can’t seem to get anywhere,” Inukichi replied with a frown. “Bufuko-chan is way more serious than I thought. She won’t even turn her head for me.”

“Er, that’s not really what I was asking about…”

“You mean my job? Well, for that I’m always going out to the sea for something or other. To look for that mermaid.”

“A mermaid…Never thought I’d hear that name again here.”

“I don’t know if it’s the same mermaid that you met in Momogengou….But maybe if we catch it and are able to talk to it, we’ll be able to get some new info on your mother. So with that in mind I’ve decided to work real hard at fishing. …And they pay pretty well too, these Freezis Foundation Firm people!”

Inukichi pumped his fist excitedly.

“Thanks, Inukichi.”

“Well, looking at you it seems like you might not need me to. You could just keep living with Kayo-san as her kid, couldn’t you?”

“…Maybe so.”

Douji stopped working and aimlessly looked up to the ceiling.
“…I feel like I’m mistaken in something.”

“Mistaken in what? Doesn’t Kayo-san fit the mermaid’s description of your mother right down to the letter?”

“That’s just it. –Is this ‘thing that I have to do’…really to find my mother in the first place?”

“Hey hey, it’s a little late for that now. That’d mean that coming to Onigashima was a big waste of time.”

“Coming here to Onigashima…I don’t think that in itself was a mistake. When we first arrived here, I felt very strongly that there was something here. But whether or not that was Kayo-san…I just can’t be sure of that.”

“Hmmm…”

Inukichi folded his arms, appearing to consider something for a moment.

Then, next he said:

“I could introduce you to her, I guess.”

“Her?”

“There’s this missionary named Elluka at the Freezis Foundation Firm. Apparently she’s this awesome person who’s saved the hearts and minds of many people in Evillious and Maistia. And I also hear she can do some sorta strange arts or something.”

“…That sounds a bit shady. A missionary? I’ve got no interest in foreign religion, you know.”

“Don’t say that. The proof’s in the pudding, man. Maybe you’ll find out something just by hearing what she has to say. I guess she’s sick or something because she’s always resting, but lately her health’s been picking up and she’ll go on walks outside occasionally—Right now you’ll probably be able to meet her by the trading house.”
“Can I not meet her inside the trading house?”

“I can get in fine, but you’re an outsider, so…I dunno.”

“…Well, I guess nothing’ll start by sitting here thinking about it. Alright. I’ll go meet with this Elluka.”

“Oh, really? Well then, let’s get—”

“Before that, though, let’s have some food.”

The very next moment, Kayo appeared from the back carrying a plate with tea and the sliced “bri-something”.

“Come now, eat up.”

At Kayo’s encouragement, Douji and Inukichi both put the “bri-something” into their mouths.

“Mm, this is good.”

“Delicious.”

As she smiled and watched the two of them eat, Kayo once more stood up.

“Alright then, I’ll be heading to Oyuka-san’s place for a bit of business. So please watch the shop while I’m gone.”

“Alright…Oh, but,” Douji told Kayo a little awkwardly, “We were also planning to head out soon.”

“Is that so? Well, I don’t mind that. Just make sure you properly fasten the doors before you leave.”
So saying, Kayo put on her footwear and headed outside.
