Upon leaving the tailor shop, Kayo snuck towards a certain place.

She eventually arrived at a coast slightly removed from the port.

There were no boats to be seen nearby, and the place was still as death.
Only the faint sound of waves could be heard.

However, there was a single, small figure standing in the middle of the beach.

Kayo approached them.

The identity of this figure—was that girl with a hairpin in her hair.

It was none other than Rin.

At the time I had not a single clue as to what she was doing there in the middle of the night, or how Kayo had known that.

“—Good evening, Sudou Kayo-san.”

Rin was the one to speak up first.

“…How is it that you know my name, young miss?”

“Didn’t you introduce yourself to me?”

“I can’t have. This is the first time we have ever met face to face like this.”

“….I don’t know if your memory’s failing you, or if you’re just acting like that’s the case…Well, it’s alright. If you say that you’ve never introduced yourself, then perhaps I heard it from my big sis, or my mom, or…maybe I saw it in a dream.”

Rin seemed to have a slightly different aura about her than she had during the day.

“A dream?”

“Yes, I had a dream. I dreamed that I would come to this place alone tonight, and—that you would stab me with those scissors and kill me.“

Kayo did not hide her surprise at hearing that.
But she quickly returned to her usual peaceful expression.

“…I see. So you…are the same as I.”

“That’s not all. Kayo-san, do you—believe in ‘past lives’?”

“Past lives?”

A past life—In the religion most widely practiced in Jakoku, there is this idea they hold called the circle of transmigration. It states that after people die, their spirit is reincarnated, and reborn into a new life as a different person. A past life is, in other words, the self from before a person was reborn.

“I…happened to get something by chance in Amayomi.” She pulled out a small, foreign-made hand mirror. “There’s four in all. Just like your scissors, it’s an item that serves as one when all are assembled.”

“…”

“By getting my hands on this, I was able to recall the memories of my past life. And I was also able to find the answer to what—or rather, who—I was ‘waiting’ for.”

“In your past life…What sort of person were you?”

“Long ago, I was—the princess of a certain country. I was a selfish girl, unable to see anything of the people around me…a ‘Daughter of Evil’.”

“Ha ha ha…what an adorable, childish imagination you have.”

Kayo behaved as though she didn’t believe Rin’s story.
“I don’t care what you think of it. I—will not yield to fate! I will not let myself die before the day I can meet him! So…I will kill you here, tonight!”

The mirror that Rin was holding, and she herself, seemed to be giving off a faint glow.

“Young miss. I don’t know what it is you’re trying to do—but unfortunately, you won’t win against me.”

Despite the strange air Rin had about her, Kayo appeared unafraid.

With the western scissors in her right hand, and the eastern scissors in her left, she closed the distance between her and Rin.

“…I am sorry. None of this is your fault. But I—I can’t stop now.”

“Silence! …Come, ‘Demon of Pride’! Give me the power—to defeat this woman!” Rin screamed, holding the mirror above her head.

However—

“Huh…? Why!? Nothing’s…happening.”

“…Farewell.”

Before the confused Rin’s eyes, Kayo twirled on the spot as though dancing.

While holding the scissors in both hands.

Holding them out as though to brush against Rin’s body.

…And with that alone, the battle was decisively won.

Blood gushed from the pulse points of Rin’s arms and legs. Her face went a ghastly pale, and all she could do was fall back on the ground, face up.

“It can’t be…I fell…so easily…”

Kayo approached the fallen Rin, and picked up the hairpin that had been in her hair.

“If the cycle of reincarnation really exists…then I hope that in your next life you are able to find happ—”

“It’s too late…say such pretty words now…you…murderer!”

Rin struggled to lift her body with all her might, but she could not.

I could tell that she was steadily losing all the blood from her body.

“Ah…I—I’ve failed again…I’m sorry…I couldn’t keep waiting…for you to come…Allen—”

Rin expired there.

“—And here I’ve hit a stopping point. But…I’m not finished yet.”

Kayo left Rin’s corpse there and departed from the coast.

“—You’re telling me the ‘Four Mirrors of Lucifenia’ were here in Jakoku this whole time!?”

Elluka shouted, more loudly than she had up to this point.

I don’t know whether they were named as such. But Rin did certainly appear to have a mirror in which some peculiar power dwelled. Though regretfully for her that power never manifested itself.
“Then where is the mirror now!?”

…Who knows?

“’Who knows’, she says…”

Kayo left Rin’s body and the mirror where they were. Rin’s corpse went undiscovered even after several days, and so she was declared “missing”. She and the mirror she’d carried were most likely washed away by the tide sometime during the night.

“…Haaaugh~” Elluka gave an enormous sigh, not moving to hide in the slightest her disappointment. “How careless of me. I was so caught up with the scissors it never occurred to me that there might be other ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’ in Jakoku.”

Was that another item that had inside it one of those “Demons of Deadly Sin” you spoke of?

“It was. –Although the ‘Demon of Pride’ has lost almost all of its power. …And Kayo killed Rin, who was herself a ‘demon contractor’—albeit in a weakened state.”

…Yes.

“Only someone who has also made a contract with a demon can kill a demon contractor. But there is no demon in the scissors, and Kayo was not possessed by the ‘Demon of Envy’. So then, what possibility comes to mind then?…Ha ha ha, I am beginning to see an answer reveal itself.”

Elluka made a strange smile as she monologued to herself.

…Er, can I say something?

“I’m in the middle of thinking right now. Quiet down.”

–It’s about those “Vessels of Deadly Sin”…There might be another one in Onigashima now.

“…I’ve already figured that out. But I’ve resolved to leave that one alone for now. That most incredibly annoying fool is involved, of all people.”

“Incredibly annoying fool”…You mean her? Just who in the world is sh—”

“I’ve no intention of answering that.”

Elluka cut off the conversation with a firm tone I had not heard up until then.

…Well then, another question. That day, Inukichi and Kokutan-douji went to meet with you. I was keeping my eye on Kayo, so I wasn’t able to glean what sort of conversation you had. If you’re willing, I’d be grateful to hear what it was.

“—When I met with Kokutan-douji, I had a personal interest in him. Moreso upon hearing his story. We wound up talking until late into the night. And so, I told to him a theory that I had figured out myself.”

Which was?

“That what the mermaid told him was a downright lie. To put it in brief. Kayo was not Kokutan-douji’s mother. I believed that the mermaid telling him as such was to give him a false goal. So as to keep Kokutan-douji from figuring out the true reason he was reborn.”

Reborn…Rin also spoke of having a past life.

“I am convinced now, after hearing your story. The true goal that Kokutan-douji needed to do, and the person that Rin was waiting for…These were mutual. The two of them were twins in a past life.”

Apparently, in Elluka’s long life she had met their previous selves before.

“There was once a pair of twins in Lucifenia named Riliane and Allen. At the time I hadn’t quite grasped their importance…But that’s different now. Their reunion is something that would have a great deal of meaning for this world. The mermaid that you so despise must have known that fact, and yet tried to obstruct that from happening.”

I…don’t really understand what you’re saying.

“You don’t need to. It has nothing to do with you and Kayo, at the very least. You just got caught up in it a little bit, hahaha.”

–Perhaps I had blabbed too much.

Elluka was probably starting to realize just who I was.

But that didn’t change the fact that I was soon to be departed from this world, in any case.

So then it would be wise for me to continue telling my story until the end.
