Section 2——The Gear's Direction——

♦Allen~Lucifenian Palace's "Riliane's Room"~

Riliane commanded Mariam to trace the person Kyle desires.

Mariam Futapie, one of the Three Heroes; one of the things she can do best is spying. Although on the edge of her retirement, she will still
conduct investigations on other countries in accordance to the command of Riliane or the other ministers.

For her, it's usual to come back here with adequate findings. But this time, it looks like she had a hard time.

"…… I'm sorry, I have tried every single way…… But I still remain clueless……"

Mariam bowed her head to Riliane and said her report with a little regret.

The room had a total of four people: Riliane with an unpleasant face, Mariam who just recently came back from Elphegort, the sensuously
bored Elluka, and me cleaning the room.

"The only information we've got is she's a 'green-haired girl'…… But don't almost everyone there have green hair?"

Elluka added to the failed investigation of her friend.

Riliane remaines silent.

"Although there are investigations of King Kyle's whereabouts in Elphegort…… in the end, no information was obtained. It's like someone's
disrupting us to do so."

(To seize the world for information, is the secret to success.)

I can’t help but recall the words of Keel. Is this his attempt to fool us?

"Aaaaargh!"

The used-to-be-silent Riliane suddenly stood up, obtained a jewellery box from the shelf, and smashed it to the floor. The crushed jewellery
box was full of accessories King Kyle gave to her.

“Annoying! So annoying! Why do you have to be so annoying Kyle-nii?! Why!? Why?! Why aren’t you listening to me?! Is it because I’m stupid?
Is it because I’m too headstrong?”

As Riliane wailed, someone shouted:

“What’s wrong, Your Highness Riliane?!”

Hearing the commotion, Minis immediately burst in.

“Minis……”

At that instant of seeing his face, Riliane immediately restored calmness. Then…… said in a voice not to be heard:

“Make sure the Green Country... Elphegort, is badly stirred.”

Everyone present solidified. We didn’t utter one word.
