“What exactly happened to the Palace……?”

I gazed unto the direction of the Palace in the heavy rain.

♦Allen~Elphegort Kingdom’s “Thousand-Year Tree’s Forest”~

I’m now in the Elphegort Kingdom’s “Thousand-Year Tree’s Forest”.

Because the Forest of Bewilderment was nearly half burned, our trip from the Palace to the Thousand-Year Tree’s Forest didn’t take too long.

Deeper in the forest, which gradually broadens, there are some violations of nature and a little old well.

Using the ladder hanging on the edge of the well, I gradually went underground. Although it looks like a small well with no water, it’s
surprisingly deep. If you look overhead from the deepest depths of the well, you will find the Sun shrunken to the size of a bean.

At one side of the bottom of the well, there was what it seems to be a very sturdy iron door. But it doesn’t seem to be locked. I opened the
door and saw a small basement. It appears to be Keel’s hiding premises in case of emergency.

While inside, I saw a young girl. She looked thinner than the time we met. But her beautiful hair and appearance still had no attenuation.

After noticing me, the girl looked over in surprise.

“A …… Allen! Why are you here……”

“Michaela! Are you all right!?”

Although the plan to burn the forest was thwarted by the sudden rainstorm, the part that’s already burned ensured the road ahead to attack
Elphegort on schedule of Riliane’s scheme.

The Lucifenian troops overwhelmingly ravaged the Elphegort territory, and instantly occupied the Capital City, Aceid.

Since then…… They no long call it war, but pure murder.

The local soldiers killed the green-haired women. The same went to the men who wanted to resist. Numerous families were ruined, and
countless lives died ……

“The Green Hunting” has begun.

Two days ago, the great merchant of Elphegort, Keel Freesis was arrested and jailed in the Lucifenian Palace’s Dungeon. Fortunately, he and his
family were immigrants; not green-haired.

But he let the servants of his home flee. Some of them are of course, green-haired women. As punishment, he was arrested, but he shouldn’t
be executed immediately. Once they kill him, not just Elphegort, but even the Lucifenian economy will be a huge mess. Probably nothing but
enormous fines can be used to exchange for his release.

Riliane doesn’t change her mind. However ——

As I met with Keel in the dungeon, his tone was the same as before.

“Oh~~~ what a failure. I should have figured out that she'll want to burn the forest in Lucifenia sooner; it’s too late to escape now.”

“…… The Queen is looking for King Kyle’s lover; is that Michaela?”

Keel’s smile disappeared. With no one else around us, he whispered:
