♣ Yukina ~In the Former Lucifenia Territory, “Town of Retasan"~

Two months later, in the town of Retasan.

When I’d been there before, it was under the jurisdiction
of the country of Marlon. It had been occupied by the resistance several years
before, when the princess was alive it had been a territory of the Lucifenian
Kingdom, and going several decades before even that it had originally been one
of the major cities of the Beelzenian Empire.

Now this town had once more returned to Beelzenia.
Perhaps in a way I was witness to a great historical moment. It was for sure at
least that a day like today would be taken note of on a page in the empire’s
history books.

Contrary to my uplifted mood at all of it, there didn’t
seem to be as much bustle inside the town as I had thought. They were
frequently changing rulers lately, in particular–maybe it wasn’t that big a
deal to them because the residents of Retasan had gotten used to it.

Well…anyway.

I couldn’t just laze around. There was someone I had to
find immediately.

According to Bruno’s information, she was witnessed staying
at an inn here in town, the “De Buono Pavilion”, yesterday. Even so,
I didn’t have any proof that she would still be there today.

At a fast pace, I headed for my destination.

The De Buono Pavilion was an old, historic-feeling inn
set in Retasan’s northern side.

She’s here!

Looks like I only just got there in time. The one I was looking
for had just left the inn, and was just about to board a carriage.

“Miss Gumilliaaaa!”

The green haired sorceress turned at my cry with her
usual unruffled expression.

“Oh, if it isn’t Yukina. What’s wrong?”

“What’s wrong? Nothing! You just suddenly stopped
counselling with me and then disappeared!”

Once I was finally able to enter the imperial castle
again after the battle of Retasan had hit a stopping point, I went to go visit
Gumillia–but she had apparently already left.

I still had a mountain of things I wanted to ask her.

I can’t let her
slip through my fingers here!

“Wh-where are you going to go now?”

Gumillia made a thinking gesture, as though in hesitation
over whether or not she should answer for a moment, before telling me, “I
was considering, looking for Ney. If what she had with her really was the
‘Glass of Conchita’, I can’t let her get away.”

After Retasan had surrendered, Ney Phatipe disappeared.
It was thought that she’d fled somewhere, but I had no idea where it would be
to.

“But don’t you know you’re one of the people targeted
on the 'Witch Hunt Order’!? It’s much too dangerous for you to go walking
around in Lucifenia or Marlon with people chasing after you!”

“Don’t worry. I hired a bodyguard.”

“A bodyguard?”

At that point I heard someone ask, “What’s up,
Master Gumillia?”, and then a woman poked her head out of the carriage.

“Ah~! Miss Germaine!”

“Gah! It’s Keel’s daughter!”

She openly made a face like she’d just seen something
disagreeable.

“Miss Germaine, are you leaving the army?”

“Ah…Actually, I’ve decided to take a break from duty
for a little while. I thought I might leave the unit to Chartette and the
others, and try to do some investigation with Master Gumillia here.”

“Investigation…Do you have an interest in the
'Vessels of Deadly Sin’ as well?”

“Huh? What’s that? What I want to learn about
concerns King Kyle. His political measures these past few years have clearly
been strange. No matter how I look at it, the way he is now doesn’t at all feel
like the Kyle that I knew back then. Even leaving aside his mistaking me for a
'witch’.”

“I’m of the same opinion myself.”

“I hate feeling like I’m conceding to that lady
general’s arguments, but… It’s the country where I was raised. I’m going to
do whatever I can.”

Perhaps because she had no more doubts, the dark
expression I’d seen when I met her in the garrison had vanished from her face
without a trace.

While I was talking with Germaine, Gumillia climbed into
the carriage.

“Such being the case, we’re off, Yukina. See
you.”

“No no. Don’t you 'Such being the case’ me. Miss
Germaine’s another person targeted by the 'Witch Hunt Order’ too.”

“But we can’t exactly do anything about that.”

“Heh heh heh. I’ve got a clever plan.” Upon
saying that I climbed into the carriage too, sitting in the space between the
two of them. “Driver, you may go.”

After hearing that, the coachman flicked the reins, and
the carriage began to move.

“Hold up just a second! What do you think you’re
doing!?”

“Please calm down, Miss Germaine. This is good,
isn’t it? You two are being chased. Your movements will be restricted even if
you put on disguises, not to mention how much of a hard time you’ll have
getting into the Lucifenian palace where Mister Kyle is. I don’t know where Ney
is, but I’d have to think she’s either in the palace, or else some important
point in a nearby country.”

“…And the reason why you have to come along
is?”

“–I’d been gabbing about all this without thinking
before, but if the coachman overheard…”

“That’s no problem. He is one of Elluka’s 'devotees’.
He won’t tell anyone anything that would put us at a disadvantage,”
Gumillia replied to my sudden doubt.

I didn’t know well, but the “devotees” were
apparently people hidden in large numbers over various places in Lucifenia who swore
absolute allegiance to Elluka of the Three Heroes.

“I see–I don’t know why but I suppose I can relax
about it at any rate, hm? Then I’ll continue. You two are to become my
servants.”

Germaine sputtered loudly in bewilderment.

“My father and Mister Kyle are good friends. If he
were to be visited by Keel Freezis’ cherished daughter, he would gladly welcome
her into the palace…along with any servants she had with her.”

“But you met Ney, didn’t you? If she were to tell
him that you were staying with the Beelzenian army…”

“It’s true, she did see my face. But she doesn’t
know my name. I’m certain the fact that Yukina Freezis was staying in Beelzenia
is still under wraps.”

If by chance Ney was staying in the palace, then the
moment we saw each other face to face it’d be all over–but I didn’t say that.

“Well? Don’t you think it’s a good idea?”

“I’m amazed at how thoroughly you use your family
connections to your advantage.” Germaine let out a big sigh. “…I’m
here under Master Gumillia’s employment. If she says it’s okay I’ll go along
with it.”

“How about it, Miss Gumillia?”

I made a serious look and gazed fixedly into Gumillia’s
eyes.

“I think it’s alright. The more the merrier.”

“Yay! Then I look forward to working with the two of
you.”

“Indeed.”

“-Sigh-…This
won’t go well.”

We were headed for the Lucifenian Palace.

My dramatic journey was about to begin again.
