✥ Kyle Marlon ~The
Country of Marlon, “Marlon Castle/Left Chapel”~

In Left Chapel was built the chapel,
which held the remains of Marlon’s long-dead kings from history. My father lay
here as well, and someday my own stone coffin would find its place here.

In the graveyard next to the chapel
were the graves of all the loyal subjects who served the royal family.

On a brand new, black grave set
among them were inscribed the words, ”Here
lies Abyss I.R.“, in white lettering.

According to Arkatoir’s explanation,
it had been built under the Empress Dowager’s orders.

…I
still can only believe what I see with my own eyes.

I steeled myself, and then ordered
Arkatoir, "Dig her up.”

“Huh!?”

“I’m going to check to see if
that body in the coffin is really Abyss I.R.”

Arkatoir hesitated quite a bit, but after
I urged him to more strongly he seemed to give up and call over one of the palace
guards to help him dig up the grave.

After a short while I could see the
coffin poking out, smeared with soil.

“Open the lid.”

The palace guard timidly pulled up
the lid.

Perhaps because it hadn’t been that
long since she’d died, the corpse wasn’t all that decomposed. So I was able to
see that, without a doubt, the remains of this old woman was the sorceress
Abyss I.R. herself.

The wizened sorceress’ eyes were
closed, expression calm.

The mirror that had me possessed by
a demon, and the wicked conspiracy. She likely had the key to both of those
things. At least, that’s what I’d thought. But I would never be able to ask her
now.

On the positive side, that probably
meant that no more bad things would happen. I had that wishful observation. I
had the hope that with my mother losing her magical backing I might be able to
release her from the darkness.

…But
what short-lived hope that is.

I had been attacked by a giant
octopus yesterday. If Abyss had died earlier than that, then that meant there
was another sorceress who wielded strong magical power.

According to Gumillia, there was
only one person who could rouse and manipulate a giant octopus.

The former member of the Three
Heroes of Lucifenia, who had taught my mother about the existence of magic.

Could…Elluka
be in Marlon?
