It was our last resort after failing to avert the destruction of the world. That is, to flee from Earth.

Seventy-two people were selected for the crew of the large spaceship, “Climb One”. All of them were celebrated scientists and researchers, as well as their assistants.
I, Levia Barisol, rode on the ship alongside my brother and my mother.

We had already selected several candidate planets viable for human immigration from many years of space exploration. The goal of the “Climb One” was to improve upon the environment of one of them to make it closer to that of Earth’s.

We weren’t the only ones able to successfully escape from Earth. Once we had achieved our goal we would reconvene with other spaceships and restart our culture on this new planet—or so we planned.

As time went on, one by one the periodic communications from the other ships came to a stop.

I can only speculate as to why. But I think it’s because some of the deviants who had been the cause of the Earth’s destruction—“HER”s—had snuck into their crew.

Ultimately we were forced to conclude that the “Climb One” was completely on its own. The odds of there being any other Earthlings alive outside of us was exceedingly close to 0.

We altered our initial goal, and decided that we wouldn’t just improve upon the new planet’s environment, but also undertake the creation of a new lifeform that was close to that of earth people. Unfortunately the genes of the spaceship crew had already mutated, and as such we had to give up on creating any clones. There was no point in making lifeforms with no reproductive potential, after all.

The task given to me was fine tuning the new lifeforms’ minds. They would need to be able to build up a culture similar to that of what we had on Earth in a shorter timespan. One of the crew who liked computer games had remarked that it was like a “New Game Plus”, which wasn’t actually all that wrong.

As per its name, the “Climb One” had to become a foundation by which mankind could “climb up” from the tragedy of their dead Earth.
.

At the end of a long period of work, we finally achieved our great feat.

An environment that resembled Earth’s, and a new race of humanity.

We had successfully created both.

It took many sacrifices to get there. A being of “HER” had been on the “Climb One” as well.

Seth Twiright—A man who by all rights would not normally be on the ship. Right before he had been selected as part of the crew it was discovered that he was an “HER”, and it was thought that after that he had committed suicide. No one noticed for quite some time that he had ridden on the “Climb One” by masquerading as another member of the crew.

As a result a great deal of the crew died, and it wound up leaving some slightly distorted figures in the long-awaited new world, the “Third Period”.

I had retained the spirit data of the deceased sixty-two crew members. Under suggestion from Professor Held, these ended up being installed in a forest in the new world.

They would watch over the new world as “spirits” that could have no influence on its culture.

Thanks to Seth there was a very high probability that “HER”s had been born into the new world as well.

The remaining crew discussed what counter-measures we could enforce, but it was there that a definitive crack arose.

Eight of us–I, my brother Behemo, my mother Rahab, and Gilles, Vlad, Marie, Salem, and Lich–insisted that we should transplant our spirit data into the new race of humans and proactively manage the new world hereafter.

But the remaining two—Professor Held and Hazuki—opposed that.

They argued that “The role of ‘Climb One’ is over. Now we should leave the world to the new humans, and quietly wait for death inside this spaceship”.

We just couldn’t accept that.

Neglecting this world that we struggled so long to create.

I don’t know what the two of them were thinking.

In terms of numbers, we were the overwhelming majority.

But the “Black Box” device we needed to move the spirit data couldn’t be used without the consent of all living crewmembers.

The verbal quarrel finally broke out into a mutual slaughter.

–And at the end of it, the spaceship “Climb One” crashed to the ground.

.

Our physical bodies were destroyed, but fortunately our spirit data remained in the ship.

However, without our bodies we wouldn’t be able to use the “Black Box”. I’m repeating myself, but to activate the device we needed a living crewmember.

Even if we could work the “Black Box” through some means, we had no destination for the spirit data to be moved to. At that time it would have been fortuitous if there were a body in the new humanity that was suitable to be transferred into, but it was hard to imagine that working out well.

What I came up with as a compromise was a “dud” sample left in the crashed ship alongside the “Black Box”. It was a creature that my brother had created during the course of his research into the new humanity, and it had a form that was almost like a “dragon” from fantasy stories. We would move our spirit data into it temporarily as it sat in cold storage, and after that take our time waiting for a body among the new humans.

…Only, my brother—the one who actually made it—apparently wasn’t that enthusiastic about this plan.

Right before the spaceship crashed, Professor Held and Hazuki injected me and my brother with a certain chemical.

It was a drug that could change humans into this “dragon”. And we wound up with the unpleasant sensation of feeling both the fear of our bodies changing into monsters, and also at the same time fear of the imminent crash.

–In any case, first we had to resolve the problem with the “Black Box”.

There was nothing we could do but wait, for quite some time. Perhaps once the new humanity’s culture developed there would eventually be someone who could activate the “Black Box”.

We continued to wait for that day inside the ship as spirits.

–And it was through that that I came to learn the reasoning for Professor Held and Hazuki’s objection.

Thanks to Seth, my spirit had also become violated by malice—“HER”.

As time went on, my spirit data was gradually changing.

And—

In the end, I became something that desired only destruction and chaos.

We had no use for a world that would not be as we wished.

We would destroy it all.

And then do it over again from the beginning.

.

Finally, our chance arrived.

Seth Twiright was truly an amazing man. It seemed he’d been able to manage a transfer of his spirit data right before we killed him.

We didn’t notice it because he’d moved his spirit data to a body that he’d been keeping in cold storage. He’d slipped it past our notice by sneaking it among the sleeping new humanity.

The cold storage device was shut down by a timer, and he finally opened his eyes inside a laboratory named “Lunaca Labora”.

An illegal stowaway though he may be, Seth was also a member of the crew of the “Climb One”, as far as it went.

He should have been able to activate the “Black Box”.

The problem was, trapped in the ship as we were, we had no way of contacting Seth across such a vast distance.

The culture of the new world had advanced considerably. As our technology was scattered through the area around the crashed ship in particular, a country with a superior culture that made use of it came to be, called the Magic Kingdom Levianta.

Ruling this country was a woman called Alice Merry-Go-Round. Strangely, she had the ability to contact us.

I don’t know why. All I can say is that it was an unanticipated product of this new world that was outside of our supervision.

My brother and I decided to disguise ourselves as “gods” and give a revelation to Alice.

But then, us being “gods” wasn’t entirely a lie. We did create this world, after all.

By Alice’s decree Seth was invited into Levianta. He ended up being in charge of the ark “Sin”—what the people of Levianta called the “Climb One”—as one of their researchers.

Naturally, we ordered Seth to activate the “Black Box”…but he refused.

There was no way he’d accept what we told him to do, given we tried to kill him.

However—we still had a chance.

In the “Climb One”, Seth had infiltrated as one of the members of the team that designed the new humanity. Using that knowledge, he newly constructed artificial humans in the world called “ghoul children”.

These were also clones of Seth.

So then, these “ghoul children” should also have been able to use the “Black Box”.

What was more, my brother and I had been progressing along in preparations to obtain bodies. He had told me that he wanted a proper human body, not just the failed “dragon”.

And so we tried to have appropriate bodies—the “Twins of God”—born into the world via “Project Ma”—an artificial insemination project named such by the new humans.

Although, that apparently wasn’t working out. The first mother selected had miscarried, and the next one safely birthed the twins but then ran off with them. Due to various troubles with the ones after that, we were unable to secure bodies we could move into.

And as that went on, time passed pointlessly.

.

The “ghoul children” each had their own individual will, and some of them lived within the country of Levianta.

That was the siblings Kiril Clockworker and Irina Clockworker. I considered using one of them to get to the “Black Box”.

Fortunately—or perhaps unfortunately—Irina was selected as one of the candidates for mother in “Project Ma”. My brother proposed waiting for her to give birth to the “Twins of God” and then having Irina activate the “Black Box” afterward.

But—I couldn’t stand to wait any longer.

I didn’t know if Irina could give birth to the “Twins of God”. It might be another failure.

If that was the case, then we already had a body. Even if it looked like a dragon, at least I would be able to get outside.

A certain woman was murdered during the pointless quarrel over the selection for mother candidate in the seventh “Project Ma”.

Her name was Elluka.

She was Kiril’s girlfriend.

Kiril’s heart had grown weak.

It was simpler than anything to take advantage of it.

I guided Kiril to the ship—and was finally able to get him to activate the “Black Box”.
However…he was after all a mere clone. The certification didn’t completely take, and so the “Black Box”—broken down due to the crash and age—started to run out of control.

The “dragon” defrosted and started to rampage before we could shift our spirit data into it, destroying the ship.

Amid all the chaos the “Black Box” continued to operate on its own—and moved mine and my brother’s spirit data somewhere.

That place was…Elluka’s body.

.

In this world there is a certain Rule.

–“The souls of those who are reincarnated shall have their prior memories sealed”—

.

Having “swapped” into a body that wasn’t suited for transfer, I lost my memories.

.

I have several questions regarding the experiences of the others’ spirit data aside from my brother and I.

First, Professor Held. He and Hazuki’s data wasn’t inside the crashed ship.

But there was a being called the “Great Land God Held” in this world. A great tree of the forest that had a will of its own.

If his true identity were that of Professor Held’s spirit data, then when in the world had he found the time to move said data there?

And I was quite sure that he hadn’t wanted to oversee this new world in the first place.

There was another god in this world—that bat they called the Sun God was probably Hazuki, but I had the same questions regarding that as I did the Great Land God Held.

And aside from that, there was also the data of the remaining six who had been in the crashed ship with us.

I had thought that they vanished after being caught up in the ship’s destruction, yet their souls had at some point been settled inside various items called “The Vessels of Deadly Sin” along with Seth.

–Strictly speaking, Lich was the exception. His soul alone had come to live in the forest as a spirit along with the other crewmembers, not joining with the rest of us.

…Though naturally, at the time I had lost all memories of being Levia, and so I had not been able to even contemplate such questions then.

.

I came to live in the new world as “the sorceress Elluka Clockworker”.

Perhaps influenced by having obtained a body from this new humanity, I became able to perform a movement of spirit data even without a “Black Box”. By using this to periodically change the body I dwelled in, I was able to live for a very long time.

A man searching for his lost love, Karchess.

A wild thief, Platonic.

The drunkard red swordsman, Leonhart.

The cool and collected assassin head maid, Mariam.

My adorable apprentices, Michaela and Gumillia.

The servant devoted to his sister, Allen.

The hot-blooded cop, Ayn.
I had met with various people along the way, and also parted with them.

–That life changed about six hundred years after I had first “swapped” into Elluka.

There was another aside from me who led an eternal life. The girl who had her spirit data put into a red cat plushy by Seth…Kiril’s little sister, Irina.

She had challenged me to a duel.

As a result of the battle at Merrigod Plateau, my brother who was inside Elluka with me went to the “heavenly yard”—

And my spirit was swallowed up by a new being.

A woman who was born as the result of a merging between me, Irina, and one of the “Demons of Deadly Sin”, Eve.

She took the name of “Ma”.
