A vast plain.

A world with nothing in it.

I stood now at its center.

.
Postman—no, the “Servant of Evil” Allen Avadonia, stood by my side.

“Welcome back.”

It was a short greeting.

Where in the world had I returned to?

I knew the answer to that, now.

.

This was—the real world.

A nothing world after it had been brought to ruin.

–The world I had destroyed.

.

That clinic.

That laboratory.

And me, working there.

Allen told me that it was all a delusion.

But that wasn’t right.

It had also been a truth.

Before this world had been born.

The world that I had lived in.

That was the way it had looked before it fell.

Before we had “run away” to space.

That was me from the days I had fought there.

.

“What I’d like to ask first,” I said to Allen. “Is how you’re here on the ground world now, when you died centuries ago.”

Allen replied, smiling slightly, “It’s not just me. Everyone is here. Everyone who once lived in this world.”

“Even though the world was destroyed?”

“It’s because it was destroyed. Almost all of the souls are here on the ground world as a result of the barrier between this place and the hellish yard being broken.”

“Then are you a soul too?”

I didn’t really need to ask that.

I had just said it myself.

He died centuries ago.

“I see…Everyone’s a soul. Then there’s no more living people in this world, I suppose.”
“Wrong.” Allen shook his head. “There is one.”

“Huh?”

“—You. The sole living thing in this world…is you. On the world’s last day, a deranged Nemesis fired the weapon of mass destruction “Punishment” all over the world.”

“…Inside Nemesis’ spirit was a ‘malice’ that sought destruction–one of the ‘gods’ that had once been locked up in the ark. The voice of her ‘other self’ that Nemesis heard was the ‘malice’ that slept inside her.”

Inside that ark, I had wished for the world’s destruction.

I suppose that meant that in a sense, after a thousand years I had finally achieved my original aim.

…Though it wasn’t all that satisfying now.

“The world was obliterated by ‘Punishment’. But how am I still—”

“Don’t you know? A demon contractor—can’t commit suicide. Your body was blown away by ‘Punishment’. However, as long as a single scrap of your flesh remains, you’ll be revived eventually.”

I had destroyed the world, and I alone survived.

“Never has there been a more bothersome suicide attempt.”

“Ha ha, I guess so. …Your body was reformed. But you hadn’t gone back to normal exactly. Your shattered heart wasn’t restored.”
“I don’t care much for your wording.”

“Then let’s reword it as ‘your body and spirit were separated’. Nemesis’ soulless body continued to wander through the empty world, and meanwhile the spirit locked itself up inside a delusion world of its own creation.”

So that delusion had been the laboratory in the clinic.

“But why did you come inside the delusion to meet me?”

“Nemesis’ body was solely devoted to repeating the last actions that she had taken. Wandering eternally through the same moment forever, neither moving into the past nor the future.”

“What’s that supposed to mean?”

“The world’s destruction by ‘Punishment’—Her body was trying to repeat it.”

“But…such a thing is impossible, isn’t it?”

If everything was destroyed then even ‘Punishment’ wouldn’t exist anymore.

“You’d think so. But even without ‘Punishment’ there’s still the thing it was based off of.”

“…The ‘Boy’.”

“Yes, the creature that brings destruction. Seth created various things with that as his starting point, such as ‘ghoul children’ and ‘Grim the End’. The ‘boy’ was also caught up in the world’s destruction, but…as a living creature he had a soul. That yet remains in the depths of Lunaca Labora—the ‘grave yard’.” Allen pointed to the ground. “Nemesis’ body went to the ‘grave yard’ looking for the ‘boy’’s soul, and tried to carry out her destruction once more. …It took a great deal of effort to put a stop to her.”

“But there’s nothing left on the ground world to destroy, right?”

“The ‘boy’ as he is now is a soul. So then the targets of his destruction would be other souls like himself. If I hadn’t stopped Nemesis’ actions, then even the beings that wander the ground world like us would have been erased. Once that happened the world truly would have ended.”

“…I see.”

By ‘souls’ he was talking about spirit data.

“Even after capturing Nemesis that didn’t mean everything was settled. Without bodies ourselves we couldn’t hold her back forever.”

“So then you came to see me—Nemesis’ soul.”

“Yes. We needed to get her back to normal. …However, it wasn’t a straight-forward issue getting inside your spirit world. I had to satisfy various conditions. One among them was that I needed to disguise myself as ‘someone who existed in Nemesis’ memories’.”

“That’s why you were dressed as Postman.”

“Going as myself wouldn’t have cut it. I had met ‘Elluka Clockworker’ before, but ‘Nemesis’ was different. They’re based on the same person, but when you ‘swapped’ into Nemesis you lost your memories.”

But Allen hadn’t entered that spirit world alone.

I hadn’t seen them directly, but I could sense other people there.

–And I had another question as well.

“What was that ‘Irregular System’?”

“Well, that was a last resort to get you to remember everything. It was difficult for me to perform on my own, so I relied on some help.” Allen snapped his fingers. “—Elluka Clockworker’s apprentices.”

The two of them suddenly appeared from nowhere.

.

–Michaela, who had inherited Held’s remains and become a god of the forest.

–Gumillia, who had become Master of the Hellish Yard after the duel of Merrigod Plateau.

.

The two of them had always watched over me after I was reborn as Nemesis.

I spoke to a smiling Michaela, “So then, the true identity of the ‘Will of the Forest’—I know that now. You were the one who tried to save me.”

“Haha…Were you alright when it came to Lich?”

“In the end I never met him as Nemesis even once. Well, I have finally remembered…the connection between the two of you. Though I know to be cautious of him, to an extent.”

Next I approached Gumillia, expressionless as ever.

She was wearing a mask.

Yes, it was the mask of the “Demon of Wrath”.

“You’re the one who sent Mr. Ziz to me.”

“…Because I, couldn’t leave the Hellish Yard. But, frankly, he wasn’t much help. On the contrary, actually, he made things more complicated.”

I could hear a voice coming from the mask.

<But I did intend to follow your command? At the very least I upheld my promise to keep Nemesis from dying>

“That’s true. …Thank you for everything, Mr. Ziz—or rather, Seth,” I thanked the mask.

<…Hmph. You and I have an old debt with each other. Don’t think this makes us even>

“That’s my line. Come on, let’s set aside our quarrels for now.”

Michaela giggled as she watched us from the side.

“What’s so funny, Michaela?” I asked. Still smiling, Michaela handed me a mirror.

“Oh, it’s you and Gumillia. When you two are lined up like that you’re almost like twins.”
I accepted the mirror and looked at my face.

–Reflected there was no longer Levia.

It was Nemesis’ face.

That was proof that my body and spirit had once more become one.

“…Now that you mention it, is there a reason why Nemesis and Gumillia look so much like each other?”

Allen was the one to answer my simple question. “Events like that were occurring all over the world just before its destruction…Though asking the one who created the “World’s Rules” might be the fastest method for answering that, don’t you think?”

“You mean the sun god—Sickle.”

“He is currently in the ‘heavenly yard’. We can go there, but…I don’t know if we’ll be able to return to the ground world once we do. That’s why—there’s something I want to do here before then.“

“I haven’t got any urgent business, so that’s fine…What is it?”

“There’s still many ‘mysteries’ left on the ground world. I’d like to solve them…and there are also some people I want to see. First—let’s head to ‘Evils Theater’.”

“…What do you mean? Are you saying that theater is still around?”

“Surprisingly, yeah. That alone is still around, despite the fact that everything else has burned down.”

That theater had also survived unscathed when the prototype “Punishment” was fired at the Millennium Tree Forest as well.

That was certainly a curious point.
“Will you come with me? L—Er, what name would you prefer I call you by?”

“It doesn’t matter to me. Levia, Elluka, Nemesis. The fact remains that all are me.”

When I said that, the other people around us started to voice their various opinions.

“Hmm, I think maybe her real name of Levia would be better.”

“…Elluka.”

<No, she’s Nemesis right now>

Listening to the three of them quibble from the side, I answered Allen, “—Alright. I’ll go with you. It’ll help me ‘kill time’, yeah?”

“Thank you very much. That’s reassuring.”

“But the world is already in ruins—What’s your ultimate goal here?”

When I asked him that, Allen replied, his expression full of self-confidence:

.

“Naturally—to save the world.”
