–The dragon turned to light, and flew away.

After piling more destruction on the already ruined continent.

Irina saw more than that, too.

She saw different light, six lights, soaking up into the southern sky.

That was seven lights, total…Were they all the souls of gods?

She had no way to verify that.

Just what in the world was happening…

.

All she knew…

Was that the children in her womb were dead.

And that she would herself be joining them soon.

Her body was covered in burns, and her skin was inflamed.

She lay face up, only able to move her eyeballs.

She knew there was no saving her.

.

Lu li la.

Lu li la.

.

…She had heard that song somewhere before.

“Do you remember it?”

Someone had spoken up.

.

I remember it.

That’s…the sound of my big brother’s music box.

My brother.

Are you my brother, Kiril?

.

She couldn’t speak.

But it seemed that her thoughts were conveyed to the other man.

“Unfortunately, I am not Kiril.”

He looked like him, but he was significantly aged.

He was…Seth.

He was covered in hideous burns just like she was…And yet it seemed he was able to walk under his own power.

“I’ve been outwitted. Levia and Behemo…No, not them. This must have been…Held. This is his scheme.”

For some reason, Seth seemed to be carrying the corpse of a cat, or something like it.

She’d seen that before. It was one of Seth’s creations. A cat capable of housing a human soul…the one that had attacked Milky.

But unlike what Irina had seen before, its fur was now red.

It had been stained by the flow of Seth’s blood.

“I…haven’t been beaten just yet. This isn’t over,” Seth continued to mutter to himself. “As long as Kiril is still alive…and even if he isn’t…I’ve got other backups across the ocean—”

Irina didn’t think he had that kind of time left.

It wasn’t to the same extent that she was, but it was clear that Seth was at death’s door.

“Irina…Are you looking at me with pity? Still…a prodigy always has two or three backup plans up his sleeve…Yes…The ‘Twins of God’. I still…have them.”

The children Irina had carried were dead.

Was Seth confused?

“Still…before that…a final experiment. I’ll put a human soul in an inanimate object…Once I have verified actual proof of that…If I can do that…Then I can continue living in this world.” With his arm covered in burns, he touched Irina’s cheek. “I still don’t know the true identity of your soul. So…I suppose I ought to keep you around. After this…you will be reborn. Today is your—Re_Birthday.”

A red cat made of iron and cloth.

Seth tossed it before Irina.

When she looked up at the sky, there was a beautiful full moon.

The moment she saw it—Irina lost consciousness.
