–Seth was still alive somewhere even now?

Though he’d used up all of his strength in doing so…

Another thought floated at the back of Nyoze’s mind.

…The old man who gave me that music box…It might not have been Kiril, but really Seth…

He couldn’t deny there was a possibility.

Kiril and his adoptive father worked as makers of music boxes.

If they played the same sound as the devices made by their original, Seth, then…

If Nyoze were able to get out of here and meet up with him again, he could probably learn his true identity.

No…that old man will never appear before me again.

He couldn’t help but feel that was the case.

Either way…nothing was going to happen if he didn’t first get out of this “happy country”.
“With this…have we watched through all of the memories?” Nyoze asked Gammon.

“Yes, it looks like.”

“…Then how do we escape from here?”

Gammon pointed to the music box that Nyoze held in his hand.

“Open up the bottom panel of that.”

As instructed, he hooked his fingers on the bottom lid and opened it up.

–Inside was a disk and several small gears.

“There should be a gear that’s a different color.”

“Yeah, there is.”

“Take it out and give it to me.”

Obeying Gammon’s orders, he took out the gear and handed it over.

“…This is an empty gear, without any memories inside it. As I thought…this music box isn’t complete yet.”

“The old man who gave this to me said that he wanted to ‘complete the music box’, if I remember rightly. The tune’s name was…’Recollection’…”

“The simplest method would be to take the ‘gear of the forbidden melody’ and put it into the music box instead. …Unfortunately, that isn’t here. So you’ll need to…choose a replacement gear.”

“Which would be?”

“The one who made this music box…Think about what gear he would be seeking here. If you can get the correct gear, then the path to escape should open.”
He didn’t know the theory as to why it would work like that, specifically, but that must have also been some of that “future knowledge” that Gammon had obtained.

“Can’t we just try all of the gears?” he asked.

Gammon shook his head. “You’ll only get one chance. If you mess up, you will, like me…be imprisoned in here forever.”

“…Gammon. Can you…not leave with me?”

“As long as Madam Merry-Go-Round keeps me here…It’s not like I don’t have any ideas. But…it would be a bit difficult to put them into practice at this point.”

“…”

“Nyoze…I have a favor to ask of you.”

“What is it?”

“If you can get out of here…Go to the forest of Held in the south. There, find the ‘Twins of God’…and kill them.”

“Wait a moment. I thought Irina’s children died before they were born.”

“…There are different twins. From the second iteration of the project—the ‘Twins of God’ that Meta Salmhofer birthed.”

“What…But why?”

“The ‘Leviantan Catastrophe’ was limited to destroying our country. But if you let the ‘Twins of God’ go on as they are…It will become the catalyst for an even greater destruction in the far future. You…must stop them from unleashing the ‘Demons of Deadly Sin’ on the world.”

“The ‘Demons of Deadly Sin’…I still don’t understand, but you’re sure I need to kill these ‘Twins of God’? …Must I really kill children…?”

“I understand your reservations. But someone has to do it.”

Nyoze steadied his resolve, and nodded.

“…Alright.”

“I’ll do what I can here to stop Madam Merry-Go-Round so that she won’t interfere. Actually, my being locked up here now gives me the best chance to pull that off.”

“Well, first thing’s first…I need to get out of here.”

Which gear to pick…

The one who made the music box. Was that old man Kiril, or was he Seth? …The answer would change depending on that.

He had two choices.

Nyoze looked between two gears.

Which one? Which is the right one?

.

He could only believe in a miracle, now.

A miracle…Yes, it’s this one!

Nyoze took in his hand the gear that he had chosen.
