Year 609 EC (Evillious Calendar), August 18th.

Milanais square in the city of Rolled, the Lucifenian Republic.

Beneath a clear, cloudless sky.

Today, in this place, the new president’s inaugural address was underway.

.

A short-haired woman wearing red clothing was standing at the dais.

She was the new head of the country—Julia Abelard.

“—Lucifenia, and our world, has undergone great change. In the year 510 our country became a republic, and next year we will greet our hundredth year since then. This century certainly has not been a smooth one. In this new country that our ancestors died to obtain yet lingers evil customs of the old days. Wealth disparities born of preferential concessions, the spread of epidemics due to unsanitary conditions, menace from foreign countries assailed by militarism….These problems are endless. However! Today, we now hold in our hands the power to overcome any challenge!”

There was an uproar of applause from the people gathered in the square.

Julia had won the earlier election by an overwhelming margin. She was the first female president in Lucifenia, and also the youngest to hold office. The great volume of the cheers being given her way showed the great hope that these people had for their new leader.

Lemy Abelard gazed at his mother’s gallant figure from within the throng of people. A seat had been prepared for him as family of the president, but he had wanted to look up at Julia not from such a high level place, but rather with the same viewpoint as the populace. He’d wanted to see how his mother looked to other people.

She was splendid. To sum up with one word. From the start to Lemy she had been a mother he was proud of, but now she had become someone that was respected and liked by all the people of Lucifenia.

“—What would the hero of the revolution, Germaine Avadonia, say if she saw Lucifenia now? We have no way of knowing that for ourselves. But we must build up a country that she would be proud of. Here in Milanais square is where the Lucifenian Revolution began. I declare that I will start a new revolution right here. This revolution will be brought about not be by the sword, by through the further advancement of this country of Lucifenia!”

There was more applause and cheering.

Holding the presidential inaugural address in Milanais square in Rolled rather than the Diet building in the capital of Lucifenian was a custom that had carried on since the very first president.

Just as Julia had said in her address, the revolution that had led to Lucifenia becoming a republic had started here in Milanais square. And after the revolution, the “Daughter of Evil” who had been the ruler of the kingdom, Princess Riliane Lucifen d’Autriche was also executed here. For the republic, Milanais square symbolized its beginning.

It was an unending ovation. Julia looked down over the people with a pleased expression, listening to it.

–All that aside, Lemy thought to himself that this really was a lot of people.

He wondered if the same amount of people had gathered at the previous inaugural address. Lemy had never seen one of these speeches before, so he didn’t know.

Someone put their hand down on his left shoulder from behind.

“Congratulations, Lemy.”

When Lemy turned around, there was a tall man in a military uniform standing there.

“Oh, uh, thank you Gatt. But you should be congratulating my mom, not me,” Lemy replied, scratching his cheek a little in embarrassment.

“The prestige of thy mother is thine own as well, is it not?”

“Well…I guess.”

He was Gatt Coulomb. A lieutenant general of the neighboring country of Asmodean.

As an associate of his mother, he would speak warmly to the much younger Lemy too. His slightly odd manner of speech was apparently a dialect particular to Asmodean, but Lemy had never heard another Asmodean native speak that way.

“Is it alright for you to not be in the guest seat?”

When Lemy asked his question, Gatt shook his head, briefly giving a wry smile.

“The prime minister’s guards are more than adequate. Nay, I shan’t think there are any here aiming for such a man’s life today.”

“You’re real carefree. Is that why you can’t get ahead in your career?”

Gatt received Lemy’s teasing with another wry smirk.

“Oh? You say that to the lieutenant general of Asmodean’s military?”
“But no matter how much time has passed you haven’t been promoted to general.”

“I am bound by the limits of my blood. Asmodean runs rampant with authoritarianism far outclassing Lucifenia. I ought be merely satisfied with having the position I do now notwithstanding my being the son of a prostitute.”

“But your great-grandad was a famous mercenary, wasn’t he Gatt? I heard that in Asmodean even a mercenary is valued if he shows military merit.”

Lemy had heard from his mother once before that Gatt’s great grandfather was a powerful swordsman with the moniker of “The Demon of Asmodean”.

“Famed–and yet, that has an unfavorable connotation too.”

Gatt smiled self-deprecatingly. He was famous, but not very highly thought of–perhaps that’s what that meant.

Up on the dais, Julia continued her address.

“—Crime is also on the rise. The increasing prominence of the criminal organization “Pere Noel” is particularly grave. However, more than that itself we must turn our eyes towards understanding the reason why such crime occurs in the first place. The corruption of politicians and merchants, the rising number of orphans, a lack of social welfare…Solving these issues must be our priority. And once we have done that, then crime too—”

Lemy once more turned to the dais, and like Gatt attuned his ears to Julia’s speech.

Its contents were related to the subject of domestic crime, but a large part of it was circumstances that Lemy couldn’t understand.

As it was an address aimed at the average person, Julia’s manner of speech wasn’t all that hard to understand.
Chiefly it was just because Lemy lacked comprehension of politics, but he didn’t really care much about that.

It’s fine, I don’t need to get what she’s saying.

As long as Mom is splendid.

The sky was clear, as though in celebration of Julia’s inauguration. But the wind was a little strong, and so periodically Julia’s short chestnut-colored hair would blow to the side.

The color of his hair—unlike Julia’s, Lemy’s hair color was a pretty blond.

Around Lemy at least there was no one who had any doubts or find fault with a mother and child having different hair colors.

For everyone already knew

Lemy wasn’t Julia’s real son.

.

Lemy was an orphan.
