He didn’t know his real mother and father’s face.

By the time he was old enough to understand anything, Lemy had already been an orphan.

He had lived in that small orphanage without even knowing if he’d been abandoned, or if both his parents had died.
There were several other children in similar circumstances to Lemy in that orphanage. That didn’t mean that he was friends with all of them. As they all looked different, so too were their personalities different. And in particular there were a lot of children in the orphanage who were introverted due to having no parents.

Lemy himself was not much of a positively outgoing child. He always played with the same two or three kids, so he didn’t get along all that well with any other children outside of that.

His best friend had been Rin. She was a girl about Lemy’s age, with a charming face sprinkled with freckles. Her black hair reached her shoulders. Unlike like Lemy, who was unskilled at reading, she did well at reading picture books, and she excelled at singing above all else. Accompanied by their teacher’s piano, she would sing louder and more beautifully than anyone else. Without a doubt, Rin had stood out the most at the orphanage. And so, Lemy had greatly liked her.

Occasionally, adults that he didn’t know would come around the orphanage. These adults would visit the orphanage several times, and after seeing into the state of the children there eventually they would take one of the kids away somewhere.

Adults without children of their own would take on an orphan as adoptive children.

In a lot of cases it was well-behaved children who got selected for adoption. Each time adults he didn’t know came around the orphanage he would grow nervous, figuring that he would never get selected as he was always being scolded for pulling pranks, and that Rin would surely be adopted by someone.

When he was quite young, Lemy would often wake up crying from bad dreams.
Dreams of sinking into the water.

As he suffered, water flowing into his mouth and nose, someone was looking down on him from above.

It was a woman, and though he couldn’t see her face very well she was wearing a purple outfit that exposed a lot of skin.

It hurts—

It’s cold—

No matter how many times he said those things, the woman made no move to save Lemy.

Eventually she stopped watching him, and left somewhere.

–And it was there that he’d always wake up.

Thanks to those dreams, Lemy had grown to dislike water and purple clothing.

Lemy met Julia when he was five years old.

He didn’t know if his age of five years old was actually correct or not. It did little more than show that five years had passed since he came to the orphanage. That made his birthday December 27th, but that too was just decided by the day that he’d come to the orphanage. Only, at the time, Lemy had been a baby recently born, so it probably wasn’t that far off the mark.

She came to the orphanage right before the day of his birthday, December 26th.

She was clearly much younger than the other adults up to this point, and a very pretty woman. When Lemy had first seen her, he couldn’t help feeling like he’d met her somewhere before.

Julia had been shouldering a large white bag. And she had set it out before the children.

There were a lot of toys inside the bag. There was also a clockwork carriage inside that Lemy had always wanted. His friend Nickel had one just like it, but he’d never lent it to Lemy.

“Please pick out the toy you like,” Julia had said.

The children all gathered around the bag at once. And then they each picked out the toys that caught their interest. Lemy was also able to get his hands on the clockwork carriage that he’d wanted.

While watching the children with a smile on her face, Julia disappeared into a room further into the orphanage along with the orphanage director.

Following along behind Julia was a cat that had gotten in at some point. That cat had scars all over its body, ones that its long red fur couldn’t hide.

Later he learned that the cat belonged to Julia.

.

The next day, Lemy went to the director’s room alone. He’d been called there.

Inside was the director and another woman.

It was Julia, who had given Lemy and the other children presents the previous day. And behind Julia was that cat, as though it was just natural for it to be there.

The second that Lemy got inside the room, the director told him, “We have a nativity festival present for you.”
The nativity festival was a festival that celebrated the day that the “Twins of God” were born. It was celebrated today, December 27th—in other words, the same day as Lemy’s birthday.

“I already got a present yesterday, from her,” Lemy had replied, taking out the clockwork carriage he’d had in his pocket and showing it to the director.

“That’s right. In that case, we’ll call what we’re giving you today your birthday present. Lemy, from today on you will become the son of Miss Julia here.”

“Huh!?”

The director gazed at Lemy’s surprised expression with a smile on their face.

“I have a request from Miss Julia that she’d like to take custody of you. Her mansion is much bigger than this place, and I’m sure she’ll buy you as many toys as you want. Miss Julia has a great deal of money.”

“Woah…”

Lemy was bewildered at such a sudden occurrence.

Surely that must have been showing on his face. Julia approached Lemy, and while kneeling said to him, “Do you not want to be my child?”

Lemy thought to himself that even up close she was still pretty, and she seemed really nice.

Julia patted Lemy’s head.
While feeling the warmth of her hand, Lemy felt again that this couldn’t have been their first meeting. He thought that maybe she was his real mother.

Naturally, there’s no way she was. Her hair and eye color was different from his, and even her face didn’t look much like him. And if the two of them were really mother and child, there was no reason for Julia and the director to go out of their way to hide that.

Lemy shook his head.

“I don’t mind that. But—”

“What is it?”

“I don’t want to stop seeing everyone here.”

Though, by “everyone”, he really meant he didn’t want to part from Rin. But he was a little embarrassed of that, and so Lemy replied trying to obscure that.

“I see…But I certainly can’t adopt all the children here. So then let’s come here together to play with them every now and then. Does that sound good?”

“…Yeah.”

“Then it’s decided. I’ll come to get you tomorrow, so make sure to pack your things today. Then make sure to say goodbye to your friends and the other staff. Okay?”

“Okay.”

Julia had prompted Lemy’s consent somewhat forcefully.

But Lemy had started to think that maybe he’d like to have this person as his mother. She had a peculiar charm that made him feel that way.
When Lemy nodded, it was sincere.

.

Right after Lemy left from the director’s room, he overheard this conversation going on still inside.

“—Will that be satisfactory, Lady Julia?”

“Yes.”

“But is this truly alright? We have no precedence for a single woman taking custody of an orphan. There’s a chance the rumors it’ll bring about might interfere with your ‘public’ activities…Why go to so much trouble for this boy…”

“I’ve no need for such pointless concerns or inquiries on your part. I’ve wanted a child for a long time now. But I cannot bear children. So I took this child as my own–do I need any more reason than that?”

“…No.”

“Relax. I will raise him with great care.”

There was no way for a young Lemy to properly understand the meaning of that conversation.
