If you head west along the Orgo river from the town of Rolled, eventually you arrive at the southern entrance to the capital Lucifenian. That was the town where the Lucifenian palace was located, where the inaugural party was taking place.

Before swapping into his suit and leaving the palace, Phoebe had said to him in a worried voice, “Will you be alright heading to the palace by yourself, young master? Maybe I should come with you—”

He had decided to gently refuse her suggestion and simply have her watch the house like always.

Lemy was thirteen years old already, and when his birthday came in four months he would be fourteen. It wasn’t that big a deal for him to come to the next town over alone like this.

…Though strictly speaking he had Ney along too.

When he walked northward along the central road of Lucifenian, he could see several women gathered along its side roads. One among them was speaking to a well-groomed man.

They were prostitutes. Lemy hated prostitutes. Perhaps it was simply fashion among them, but there were a lot of them that wore skimpy purple clothing. Lemy would be reminded of his nightmare while looking at them, and fall into a gloomy mood.

In hardly any time at all he could see the splendid palace. The sun was already down, and the stars and moon were twinkling in the pure-black sky.

The Lucifenian Palace—this place used to be called the “Lucifenian Royal Palace”, and as you’d expect of that name the royal family used to live here.

“Wow.”
The royal family’s bloodline came to a halt with Princess Riliane being executed in the revolution a hundred and ten years ago, and Lucifenia became a republic. All the people who lived here vanished, and now it’s used as a social meeting place.

“You know a lot about stuff, Ney.”

Lemy said in admiration, though in truth he had very little interest in what Ney was talking about with her vast stock of knowledge.

You know too little about stuff. Come on, let’s get inside.

He showed his invitation at the front desk, and then got in without trouble.

The palace was far larger than the house that Lemy lived in, and it seemed clear that if he walked around aimlessly he’d quickly get lost.

Lemy passed his eyes over the invitation he was holding.

“The assembly hall is…the Hall of Mirrors, I think.”

There were no maps or signposts inside the palace that had the names of the rooms on them.

Right. Turn right at the next intersection. Then when you go along the hall, the entrance to the hall of mirrors should be on the left-hand side.

Ney gave him directions.

He did as she directed, and sure enough he finally arrived at a large door to the left side of the hallway.

Inside, there were a large number of adults each doing things like eating or drinking wine. There were also some people dancing to music the orchestra was playing. Further inside he could see his mother talking with someone.

“You really do know a lot, Ney. We got here with no trouble. How’d you get these details?”

If she was supposed to be “another Lemy”, then how did she know things that Lemy didn’t know?
Or else, was she the “spirit of the glass” after all, like what his mother had told him?

But if that was the case, how could Ney know so much about the Lucifenian palace, as though she had lived in it before, if she had always been inside the treasury in his house?

Ney didn’t reply. Or more accurately, a man started talking to Lemy before she could say anything.

“My my. If it isn’t little master Lemy.”

It was a blue haired gentleman. He looked to be over fifty or sixty years old. Even so his posture was upright and straight, and he looked much taller than the other adults there. As a result, despite him having a mild demeanor, Lemy felt a bit daunted when he was looked down on by him.

Judging by his tone he was an acquaintance of Lemy’s, but he couldn’t immediately recall who he was.

“Erm…”

“Oh, don’t you remember me? I’ve been to your house many times.”

The other man made a slightly dejected expression at the sight of Lemy’s behavior.

Bruno Marlon. The top brass of the Freezis Foundation, Ney whispered in his ear.

“Oh—I remember you. Mister Bruno. You’re always helping out my mother.”

In his head Lemy thanked Ney for backing him up.
“Oh no no, I’ve been hardly any help to her at all,” Bruno said humbly.

On hearing his name, Lemy finally remembered him. The Freezis Foundation was a large organization from a country across the sea, and apparently it had great influence in the Republic of Lucifenia too. Lemy didn’t know what he did specifically, but at any rate he was certain that this man was a considerably high ranking figure there.

“—But now that Lady Julia has been inaugurated as president like this, I expect we’ll have more opportunities to meet…Oop, seems the entertainment is going to start soon.”

Bruno turned his eyes to a stage that had been set up in the center of the Hall of Mirrors. Lemy followed suit.

–At some point, a girl had got up to stand on the stage.

A beautiful girl with blonde hair and blue eyes.

“Lucifenia’s boasted diva, Rin Chan, has made her appearance.”

Bruno clapped his hands, and all the people around them followed his example.

The diva quietly lifted her head amidst the swelling applause.

“Thank you very much for inviting me to a bright place such as this tonight. I will be singing one song first in celebration of Lady Julia’s inauguration.”

After she gave her little peremptory speech, the orchestra began to play.

Following along with the elegant string melody, she began to sing.
–It was a beautiful singing voice. Everyone there was listening into her song.

“…Can I ask you an awkward question?” Bruno quietly spoke up to Lemy midway through. “You and that Rin Chan look an awful lot like each other to me, young master. Of course, your genders are different, but your hair and eye color and your features all—”

“…”

“I heard that you’re Lady Julia’s adopted son, young master. That you were abandoned at an orphanage when you were a baby. This is a bit impertinent of me to theorize, but maybe this Rin Chan is your—”

But Lemy shook his head.

“She isn’t. We’re not siblings.”

Bruno seemed a bit surprised at Lemy’s firm denial.

“…You must have some reason for asserting that so strongly.”

“Rin and I were raised at the same orphanage. We were friends. But—back then her face looked completely different. She had black hair, and had freckles all over her face…Do you think I’m talking nonsense?”

“—No. I think that’s quite fascinating,” Bruno replied, a sincere expression on his face. It was clear from the look on his face that he wasn’t just humoring a child’s fanciful stories.

“If her face has completely changed from before…When was that?”

Lemy hid his face, looking a little troubled in response to Bruno’s question.

“Honestly I don’t really know. But I learned that fact when I went to see her at the circus.”

“The circus?”

“Three years ago…Back when I was ten. There was a large opera house erected in the town of Rolled.”

“Oh…You mean Milanais Theater.”

Bruno brought his face up to Lemy with great interest.

“Yeah. To commemorate it being finished, they held a show there. Not just an opera, but ballet, plays, a concert, and a circus. They were holding various performances over several days.”

“Hmm…”

“I’d never seen a circus until then. So I told Mom that I wanted her to take me to it.”

It seemed that this man called Bruno had a knack for getting other people to talk. Almost unconsciously, Lemy started to tell him a story of his life.
