Right as he stomped hard on the head of a snake that was slithering at his feet.

He saw a red fruit flowing along on the canal.

Miroku reached out his hand, and was fortunately able to grab ahold of it.

When he chomped into the fruit, his retainer’s eyes widened, and he spoke up. “You shouldn’t do that, Lord Miroku. That’s not—”

“Are you trying to tell me that it is improper for the man who is head of the senate to be scavenging for food?”

“—No, I don’t mean that at all. But it might be dirty.”

“The water of this canal is clean. Far more than your piss.”

“…”

“The purifiers are running adequately. The citizens of Asmouse are no longer troubled by a lack of drinking water, correct?”

“Yeah, yeah, that’s true. Not just Asmouse, but every resident of the kingdom owes a debt of gratitude to the wisdom of the Second Period.”

Upon hearing that, Miroku’s brows drew together.

The retainer then hastily amended, “—And of course, to the benevolence of the senate as well.”

“Precisely. You are able to live comfortably because of the senate. Don’t forget that.”
“Yes sir…”

Miroku wasn’t just in a foul mood from this exchange alone. This retainer was well attuned to that, having served him for many years.

“…So you did receive an ill-omened ‘oracle’ after all,” the retainer cut in hesitantly.

Miroku nodded wordlessly.

“I need to hold another meeting now. In two hours. Gather all of the senate members in the round hall.”

“Y-yes sir!”

The retainer hurried to go towards the royal castle, but was immediately called back by Miroku.

“Wait. …Call two other people to the meeting as well.”

“Huh? Er…who?”

“First, Adam. Adam Solntse.

“The head of the Royal Research Institute. Understood, I’ll drop by before I go to the royal castle—And the other?”

“…Gammon.”

“N…No, but…The security force is scheduled to go on patrol from here to the city of Welvya—”

“I’m sure they’ll manage somehow without their captain.”

“But that would set a bad exa—”
“A father is calling on his son! Is there anything that takes more priority than that!?”

“I-I understand, sir…”

Without bothering to look at the retainer running away, Miroku gazed fixedly at the fruit he held in his hands.

An apple…Hm. There’s a small forest close to the canal’s starting point. Perhaps it grew there.

It wasn’t cultivated by anyone, just something that had grown naturally.

Still, there was no need to hesitate in eating it. He had the right to take everything there was in the kingdom—that was how Miroku thought.

Not just fruits. Also the legacy of the Second Period…the ‘God’s country’ that rests belowground and at the bottom of the sea. Even if we didn’t make it ourselves, there’s no reason to leave it be if it’s useful to us.

The legacy of the gods was a repository of technology that surpassed the comprehension of the people who lived now. Even the scientists of the Royal Research Institute could do no more than explain how to use it.

There was one other thing the kingdom could boast of. Their extraordinary magical ability. Whenever they made use of these legacy pieces, in the majority of cases they would need magic to power it. And the sorcerers who were able to wield it were in this country alone…That was why Levianta was called the “Magic Kingdom”.

Through this legacy and this magic, the Leviantan Magic Kingdom had flourished wildly beyond that of its neighboring countries.

We…are not going to lose that now!

Miroku tightened his grip on the apple, and crushed it.

Then he tossed its remains into the canal.
While gazing at the flow of the river, he was reminded of something long ago.

The “Twins of God”…Was that truly how it was, back then?

.

–The queen, who was in the position of receiving divine revelations, was forbidden from having a husband.

The queen had to remain pure through her entire life.

But Queen Alice had one day…become pregnant with child.

In the end he never learned whose it had been. The queen had maintained that it was a virgin birth, but Miroku hadn’t believed her, at least back then.

He had been young, and he had feared having his position jeopardized more than anything. It was the role of the head of the senate to receive these oracles from the queen, and to convey them to the public. For that reason, Miroku alone was the only one permitted direct contact with her.

If the queen was pregnant, then when it came to who would be suspected…The answer was obvious.

Miroku had tried to force the queen to have an abortion before the matter could become public.

But before he could, she’d escaped…and when she’d been captured again, she’d already given birth to twins.

Miroku hard ordered one of his servants at the time to throw those twins in the river—

.

He hadn’t laid a hand on the babies directly out of a faint sense of guilt—

But he was positive that those children, set adrift in the stream, hadn’t survived.

Had those twins been “Vessels of the Gods”? …No, they couldn’t be.
If they had been, Miroku would surely have received some divine punishment for killing them.

They must have been the queen’s illegitimate children…That was what he reasoned.

The oracle this time…Must be a completely different matter from that.

Nonetheless, now that he’d received this “revelation”, Miroku had no choice but to obey it.

Alice was little more than a puppet.

A doll set up inside a glass case.

But it was true that the queen could hear the words of the gods.

To someone who had been born and raised in Levianta, the gods—the dragon god LeviaBehemo, was a supreme being.

To go against their commands was unforgiveable.
