“…Phew.”

As she finished drawing the last symbol on the ground, Nemesis took a breath.

It was an enormous circular inscription with a radius of about two hundred meters wide, all centered around where Ma was.

It would have been impossible to draw an inscription of this scale in such a short time had it not been for Eater’s assistance.

“Thank you, Eater.” Nemesis gently patted him on his right leg.

“It was nothin’. And in exchange…You better keep your promise.”

“About Banica? I’ll do my best—Also.”

Nemesis looked around the forest.

She thanked the spirits that she could see poking their faces out from between the trees.

“Phaser, and the rest of you…It’s because of your illusion magic that I was able to draw this inscription without attracting Ma’s attention.”

Whether the spirits had done so independently or under Held’s orders—she didn’t know.

At any rate, her preparations were complete.

Well, the main problem is going to be after this…Allen, you jerk. You’ve come up with such a ridiculous plan.

Nemesis looked up at the sky.
The “Blackbox”…It really would be much faster to just use that to erase Ma…

But she noticed that some new change was occurring with that “Blackbox”.

–The box’s movements had become much more severe than before.

Its tremors grew steadily larger, and they were increasing in speed.

“It can’t be…that it’s going to fall?”

But Nemesis’ concern wound up being unfounded.

As the “Blackbox” continued with its unusual tremors, it suddenly gave out a thunderous roar like a death rattle—

And then, as though it were being swallowed up into the sky, it vanished.

–!? …Did the theater itself get…sucked up into its own…’formatting’ power?

She heaved a deep sigh.

“Whatever the case…Guess we just lost usage of our last resort.”

Now they could do nothing but pray that Allen’s scheme went according to plan.
