Ma could sense that the wind had picked up.

Interesting, that though her body was that of a soul, she was able to feel the movement of the wind like this.

But that was because she had taken in Riliane and the other contractors.
Ma could not become a “soul” as she was now. To keep herself from being erased, she needed the help of other spirits.

And that help—the shell that protected her—was still not complete.

Over time, Ma’s spirit was steadily growing weaker.

–This deterioration had begun the moment that she gave birth to Nemesis.

This was only natural given that Ma had removed Levia, one of the pieces that she was comprised of.

And this had been accelerated by shifting Irina’s spirit into the doll…And then right before the world was destroyed, she finally lost Eve. Though she did have some reparation by receiving the “Doll Director’s” mercy.

After possessing Riliane, Ma could do nothing but sleep for a time. If she were to assert her own consciousness while in this weak shell that Riliane represented, she would use up her spirit in the blink of an eye, and disappear.

By taking advantage of all of the contractors with aptitude being assembled and taking them into herself all at once, Ma had finally gotten her hands on a solid shell, and was able to operate under her own will again.

However, it still wasn’t complete. This shell had a tiny hole in it.

Ma’s spirit was leaking from this hole, and spreading as this black vortex.

…She would need to plug the hole. To keep herself from vanishing.

For that reason, she needed Nemesis.

It was clear she needed to hurry, but all the same she couldn’t afford to act too hastily.
Whatever the case was, Ma had suffered an embarrassing defeat at Nemesis’ hands once before. She would have to avoid repeating the same mistakes.

The theater had vanished. She could no longer depend upon the mercy of the “Doll Director”.

What was more…Ma could guess that Nemesis had regained some of her previous memories.

Considering she was working along this boy before her—Allen—then at the very least it was likely that Nemesis had recovered her memories as “Elluka Clockworker”.

So then, she ought to be prepared for her to resist using magic.

…Leaving that aside.

Ma stopped thinking about Nemesis and once more focused on Allen.

–Why had he come here now? Right when she’d thought he’d been idly chatting with her, he’d raised his sword as though preparing to fight…And yet despite all that, no matter how much time passed, he never made the first strike.

She pondered what she would do if she was Elluka—the being that Ma had once shared a mind and body with.

…He may be stalling for time for her to make an inscription!

Ma quickly fired lightning at Allen again.

The poorly aimed shot was easily deflected, but that didn’t matter.

She spread her wings and prepared to fly up into the sky.

–She had to get out of here, now!

“…I guess you’ve figured out our plan. And yet…you’re a bit too late.”
Allen cheekily smiled.

The roar of the wind grew intense.

Ma’s body floated from the ground. –But that wasn’t because she was flapping her wings.

“Come now, Lady Ma. Let’s go, shall we—on a journey to the sky.”

As Allen spoke…the two of them were sent spiraling high by a tornado.

.

–As she was soaring high, tossed about by the wind…Allen saw something conjured up from Ma’s hand, and go tumbling down.

That’s…

As it continued to go around in an uneven pattern inside the tornado, it gradually grew closer to where Allen was.

Without thinking, he seized it.

.

As he was blown away, Allen’s body finally came to a stop in midair—and then started to steadily fall towards the ground.

An enormous flying creature raced towards him at breakneck speeds.

“Allen!”

Riding atop Eater, Nemesis stuck out her hand against the furious wind.

Allen just barely managed to grip her hand, saving himself from crashing.

“Phew…Looks like you pulled it off, Nemesis.”
“Let’s get out of range of the spell!”

The gale spell that Nemesis had unleashed was amplified by her inscriptions, and now it raged as though it were a storm.

Inside it, it was taking everything Eater had just to maintain his altitude.

Once Eater had reached a spot outside the inscription where the wind was much weaker, Allen turned around and looked at the storm.

The tornado was funneling up dirt and sand in the heart of the gale.

If all went well, Ma would be unable to get herself out from inside it.

…But Nemesis had a clouded expression on her face.

“It’s not good enough. I guess my magic really is less effective against a soul.”

“Has it failed?”

“We’ve confined her for now. But to get closer for the time being is impossible without weakening the power of the spell…Hm? What’s that?”

Nemesis noticed that Allen had a small bottle in his right hand.

“Oh, this? …I scooped it up in the tornado just now. It came out of her hand when she was caught up in the wind—”

“By her, you mean…Ma?”

“No, this…I think this is Riliane’s doing.”

The memory of the small bottle that only Allen and Riliane knew—that whenever Riliane wanted something, she would take a piece of parchment with her wish written on it, put it in a glass bottle just like this one, and then hand it to Allen.
Right now, there was a rolled-up piece of paper in the bottle that Allen held. He took it out and opened it.

“…Heh. Hahaha…”

It was a message written by Riliane. When he saw it, Allen suddenly burst into laughter.

“What’s it say?” Nemesis asked.

“What do you think it says?”

“Assuming it’s the same pattern…’Forget about me, defeat Ma!’, or something like that?”

“No, ha ha…Well, see for yourself.”

Allen held open the paper for Nemesis to see.

On it was—

.

“Make sure you save me!”

.

–Just that, written with rough letters.

“Isn’t that so like her?” Allen said, chuckling again. ”I bet she never once considered sacrificing herself to save the world.”

“…And yet, you seem happy about that, Allen.”

“Yeah. You see, it means that she believes in me.”

“Sigh…What a silly pair of siblings you are,” Nemesis sighed, stupefied.

–But then the two of them quickly grew stern.

The force of the wind was weakening. The tornado at the center was slowly getting smaller.

Nemesis hadn’t lifted the spell.

Ma…also had Elluka’s memories.

So naturally, she would also know how to undo her magic. Neither Allen nor Nemesis had thought of that.

“At this rate…Nothing else we can do. This’ll be a bit of a gamble, but we can try a kamikaze atta—”

“—Wait a second, Nemesis. …Do you hear something?”

When Allen said that, Nemesis strained her ears.

.

“—Lu li la, lu li la.”

.

Someone was—singing.

It resounded far and wide, to where they could hear it even through the roaring wind….And yet, the melody seemed gentle…
This “Clockwork Lullaby”.

.

The two of them knew very well the person singing that song.
