There were people watching Allen and the others as they lounged in the shade of a tree.

It was Arte, Pollo, and Lich.

“What’s—this song?”

Pollo cocked his head to the side, his hand cupping his ear.

For a moment, Lich closed his eyes and quietly laughed.

“Ha ha…It’s Michael. It seems my little brother is singing a spell song.”

“Michael? Who’s that?” Arte asked.

“Ah…Perhaps it’d be easier for you two if I said ‘Michaela’ instead.”

“Huh!? Their real name is Michael!? That sounds like a boy!”

“She…was a boy. In the ‘Second Period’, at least. ‘Michaela’ was a nickname. It started when Professor Held misread the name “Michael Arklow” as it was written in the name register… Hahaha, that brings back memories. The both of us were still in our studies back then–”

“Ah, okay. Don’t care about your reminiscing. So, what’s this song?”

“I’m not all that well versed on spells, but…As I recall, this is one of the twelve varieties of the ‘Clockwork Lullaby’, and it’s used to seal the movements of its target.”

The blowing wind had all but stopped, and Ma had appeared from within the tornado that had been occurring earlier.

Michaela was likely trying to stop Ma with song for Allen and the others.

However…regrettably, it didn’t appear to be having much effect on her. She was flapping her wings and getting closer to them, little by little.

“This is bad. If this keeps up…”

“—Lich, hold on a sec.” Pollo once more strained his ears. “…There’s…more people singing now. I’m hearing it from all over!”

Just as he said, other singers were adding onto Michaela’s voice, and started to become audible from all directions.

“Is this–?”

Eventually, the song had changed from Michaela’s solo to a full blown chorus.

Old and young, men and women, all of the singing was directed at Ma.

“Look!” Arte cried. “Ma…is covering her ears, in pain. The song is affecting her!”

“Heh heh heh…Ha ha ha!” Lich started to guffaw. “It’s as though all of the hundred millions of souls from all over the world—have gathered in this spot and started singing. How convenient. What an absurd development…Huh? Arte. Pollo. What are you two—”

Before he knew it, Arte and Pollo had also started singing at Ma.

“Lu li la~♪”

“Lyu li la~♪”

“…You two aren’t pronouncing it very well. …Sigh, good grief…”

Lich reluctantly stood next to the servants and also started singing.
