It was an unexpected miracle.

Nemesis ordered Eater to bring them closer to where Ma was.

The wind had already completely stopped, but Ma hadn’t left from her spot, hands over her ears.

“…Stop…Stop singing! This…jarring, shrill noise—" Ma screamed.

Nemesis looked on her with pity. “Mother, this song just sounds like that to you. …Maybe you really shouldn’t have been born in this world after all.”

As he kept his focus on Ma, Allen looked at the scenery below them.

The black vortex flowing out of Ma was still obscuring the surface of the ground. But he could see the faces of many souls peeking through it, all singing.

Everyone from Lucifenia…No, not just them. people from Elphe, and Jakoku—If it isn’t Inukichi, Saruteito, and Kiji! Everyone’s singing along with Michaela—Oh, what’s this?

He could see a small animal flying their way.

For some reason—it had a green onion grasped in its hand.

“He~y!”

It landed on Nemesis’ shoulder, twirling the green onion around cheerfully.

“…Huh? What is this winged rat?”

“I am the ‘Demon of Pride’ the great Marie! I brought you something from the ‘Master of the Hellish yard’!” she said, pushing the green onion towards Nemesis.

“This is—” Nemesis took the green onion and held it to her ear. “Hello, Gumillia!?”

<…Can you hear me? Elluka…>

“Yeah. –Is everyone singing under your instruction?”

<…No. Everyone got together, and started singing on their own…It’s as though, it was the most natural thing, in the world…>

“—I see.”

<…Maybe, we…were born…to sing like, this…”

“Haha, maybe so. …Gumillia, I’m glad I caught you. Is Seth with you?”

<…Yes…>

“I have a favor to ask of him.”

Nemesis conveyed her request to Gumillia through the green onion.

<…Got it. I will tell Seth…>

“Thank you. Now then—I’ll see you later. Over and out.” Nemesis took the green onion from her ear and handed it back to Marie. “Thank you greatly for your service, Marie.”

“Yeah, you better praise me.”

“Now, get away from here pronto. We wouldn’t want you to get sucked into Ma again.”

“O-oh, right…That would be bad. Then—I leave it to you, my manservants,” Marie said, descending down to the ground.

“Sigh…”

Nemesis heaved a great sigh. “Well then—let’s get to it.”

So saying, she held out a hand towards Ma.

“As long as I have the power of the inscription, it should work out even against a soul…Let’s go!”

After she shouted to bolster herself, she recited a brief incantation.

“—Onorhc yrots.”

At the same time, a pink light enveloped both Ma and Nemesis.

It was the spell that she prized most highly—

The “Swap Technique”.

Using this, Nemesis would pull Ma’s spirit alone into her body.

–However.

“…Grr. it’s no use! Ma is bound too tightly to the other souls!”

Ma still appeared to be in agony, but nonetheless her lips twitched into a smile. “The ‘Swap Technique’…A novel idea. But—I won’t let go. Not of these ‘Deadly Sin Contractors’…Or you!”

Ma held out her hand at Nemesis.

“Onorhc yrots!”

She recited the same incantation as the other.

The color of the light surrounding both of them increased in intensity.

“You can’t possibly…plan to…take me in instead!?”

Nemesis’ expression twisted.

“Once I gain you, I will become a ‘pure being’…Come, Nemesis…Return to me!”

“You’re the one who drove me out in the first place!”

As the two sorceresses fought for dominance—

Allen pulled something out.

Upon seeing it, Nemesis grew shocked.

“The golden key—‘Grim the End’!? Allen, you have it with you!?”

“I do…Nemesis, please try to hold out a little while longer.”

Allen focused his thoughts on the key, and it changed into a golden sword.

And then—

He leaped from Eater’s shoulder at Ma.

“Aaaaaaaah!”

He let out a war cry as he lifted the sword high.

.

Riliane. Can you hear this song too?

The world—isn’t our enemy anymore!

.

–Allen brought down his sword on Ma.

“Gguh!?”

Ma, and Riliane’s soul, were cut through from the shoulder.

Still—a soul could not die.

What the golden key “Grim the End” killed—was the sin of the contractors.

“Allen!” Nemesis shouted at Allen. He was still falling towards the ground.

And then—Nemesis saw a change occur in Ma.

Has the bond between Ma and the contractors weakened? Then—

Firing herself up, she strengthened her spell once more.

“Aaaaaugh!”

Finally—the souls of the contractors were released from Ma.

Her spirit drew in towards Nemesis, gushing out more of the black vortex.

Still, Ma had not given up.

“With…you…Nemesis…just you at least—”

“You want to possess me? No thanks.”

“You have nowhere to run! There is no longer any body in this world you can move to!”

“—Is that right?”

Nemesis pointed at Riliane—or to be more accurate, at the doll Riliane was carrying with her.

“That one’s empty right now, isn’t it?”

“—You can’t be serious!?”

Nemesis jumped down from Eater’s shoulder.

As she fell through space, she—

“Onorhc yrots.”

Once more recited the “Swap Technique”.

This time facing the doll.

Nemesis’ spirit left her body, and drew towards the doll.

“I give you my body. With it, all by yourself—you can finally become a ‘pure being’, Mother.”

And then, Ma into Nemesis’ body.

Nemesis into the “Clockworker’s Doll”.

They entered their respective vessels.

.

Allen’s spirit was still in freefall.

But right before he hit the ground, someone grabbed his arm.

Then they carried him up high again.

“—This time, I’m going to support you.”
The owner of the voice, the one who had saved Allen—

Was Germaine.

She was riding on Kyle’s back, him having sprouted wings, and was holding tight to Allen’s arm.

“Germaine—What about the others…and Riliane?”

“They seem fine to me.”

When they looked up they could see Venomania, flapping his wings as five others clung to him.

“Th-this is too much weight…Hey, Gallerian. Let go, dammit.”

Venomania shook his right leg, which Gallerian was holding onto.

“Stop it! I’ll fall for real!”

“It’s not like you’re gonna die!”

Allen watched the argument with a smile on his face.

“…Thank goodness.”

Riliane, Kayo, Banica, and the Sleep Princess were all okay.

Which just left–
