–Tarantaraaa!

.

He could swear he heard celebratory fanfare from somewhere.

…Huh? I’m in—

Allen woke up lying on top of a bed.

It was a room where all four walls, the floor, and the ceiling were so pure white it was unsettling.

Allen was inside it.

He was sure he had just been fighting with Ma in the heart of the Evillious region.

Ma had entered Nemesis’ body—and he remembered that he had just witnessed her death.

And then, I—somehow got transferred over here?

He got off the bed and looked around the room again.

He noticed a single door on one of the walls. When he got closer, he could see there was no doorknob, and wasn’t sure how he could open it.

But after a moment—the door slid to the side on its own.

“This is…”

There before his eyes, through the opened door—was a very small “Blackbox”.

It was about a third of Allen’s size.
What was more, it had…tubes like limbs, and on its back a gold winding key.

“Hey, congratulations, Allen!” Suddenly he heard a voice, and a bat-like mark flashed on its front panel. “You finally pulled it off!”

He recognized that voice.

“Sickle…is that you?”

“Yes! I am the sun god who watches over the world—this is my true form!”

“…Then I guess I’ve returned to heaven—the ‘Heavenly Yard’.”

“No, this is a little different. This place is not the ‘moon’, but rather inside the spaceship ‘Climb One’.” My true name is—‘Talos’. I am a helper robot specially made for the ‘Climb One’!”

Allen was completely confused at being told all this without any preparation.

First of all, as far as Allen knew, he had thought the Climb One—the ark “Sin”–was destroyed in the Leviantan Catastrophe.

“Sickle, could you explain from the beginning? First…why am I here?”

“This is your just reward. You soundly fulfilled my expectations. Ma and Irina have been erased, and Levia has sealed herself in a doll, and so is now powerless. The possibilities for this world have thus been whittled down to one. Now you and Riliane can activate your ‘Re_Birthday’ and create the world of your choice.”

“…But I thought you were afraid of that, because it would erase the world.”

“You misunderstood. The ‘Re_Birthday’ isn’t normally used to cause erasure. Among a pair of twins, one of them handles destruction, and the other one rebirth; it first activates when the two are together. For example—”

The bat mark on Sickle’s front panel cut out, and instead showed the seven “Vessels of Deadly Sin”.

“Hänsel and Gretel. These items the twins created were brought about by a ‘Re_Birthday’. They destroyed the departed souls of the Second Period and remade them as demons of the Third Period—Well, ‘Irregular’ though those two may be, they were after all little more than low-quality copies born under the scheming of Levia and Behemo. So something of that degree was all they could manage.”

Then the box showed a being that looked identical to Allen.

“You can tell this isn’t you, right? Yes, this—is the ‘boy’. Seth created him, and he is the being that ‘Punishment’, the weapon that destroyed the world, was based on. Seth died in the Leviantan Catastrophe before he could make the other half of the twin pair, so only he, who handles destruction, remained.”

Depicted next on the screen—was that theater.

“Here in ‘Evils Theater’, Irina gave birth to those other twins. As they died and became souls before they could form an ego, Irina tried to supplement them with one using Adam and Eve’s souls. –If it hadn’t been for Ma’s interference, she likely would have been able to carry out a ‘Re_Birthday’ using them. The world recreated by that would most likely not have been the one you and Levia hoped for. …And now, finally.”

The box’s screen then began to replay the fight that had just occurred.
“Ma—she was also an ‘Irregular’, similar to the ‘boy’, and as such a very dangerous being. Without anyone to handle the rebirth aspect, once the ‘Re_Birthday’ occurred…Everything would have come to an end.”

The movie cut out, and then the bat mark appeared once more.

“Now, it’s just you and Riliane. I never told you how to do a ‘Re_Birthday’ to avoid any unexpected situations occurring, but–Finally, that time has come.”

“So you…called me here to teach it to me?”

“There is that…And before you remake the world, I think you should know everything. Though you—have seen the world from ‘above’, you have never seen it from ‘outside’, correct?”

There was a door behind Sickle that led further in.

It opened without a sound.

“Come, this way. I—will introduce you to the ‘Moon Goddess’.”

Sickle turned around and began to walk deeper inside with his tube-like legs.
