A feeling of unreality, as though inside a dream—Allen had been assailed with that sensation ever since he had woken up here.

The moment he saw her in the room that Sickle brought him to—that sensation grew stronger.
An old woman was sitting in a chair, looking as though she were asleep.

He couldn’t see her face. She was wearing some kind of mask-like device with countless wires attached to it.

Allen had seen something similar once before.

Levia, as she had been when she’d entered the “Blackbox” to swap into Nemesis’ mental world, back in that illusory clinic.

She had certainly looked like that, back then.

“Luna Hazuki. She is the ‘Moon Goddess’. And, she is the engineer who created me,” Sickle explained.

“Just…what is this ‘Moon Goddess’, anyway?”

“Well, there isn’t really any particular meaning to it. It’s like a nickname. The crewmembers of the Climb One liked to call each other by nicknames. It’s a relic of that.”

“…”

“Of the residents of the Third Period, you’re the first to meet her. No one is actually able to see her form. And yet, she has always been around alongside the Third Period—Do you know what that means?”

Sickle’s question was like a riddle.

Not knowing the answer, Allen honestly shook his head.

“No, huh…Well, let’s try different question. First, what do you think was the origin of the Third Period?”

“…It was built by the survivors of the Second Period—the crewmembers of the Climb One. Their main representatives were you, Held, Levia, and Behemo. The so-called ‘four pillar gods’.”
“And if that premise were ‘false’? If the crew of the Climb One were to have failed to create the new world?”

“But that would mean—”

“You all wouldn’t exist…That’s what you were about to say, right? But—as a matter of fact, right here they all killed each other. The impetus was a trivial difference of opinion. But the result…was that everyone died. Save for just Luna.”

There was no proof that what Sickle had said was the truth. But Allen didn’t have the grounds to refute it either.

For now he could only continue to keep his attention on the story.

“—All alone, Luna could no longer make progress on the plans for the new world. But she carried out one last struggle. If she couldn’t create a world in reality…then she would realize one inside a ‘dream’.”

Sickle pointed to the device on Luna’s face with his tube arm.

“’An imaginary reality that has mass’—that is what she was able to give rise to by using the ‘Blackbox Type H’ that she created herself. She materialized the new world that the crewmembers were trying to make with her own mind. …Out of mourning, she put her former friends in this world too. That is, Levia, Held, and the rest in the Third Period are little more than beings created out of Luna’s memories.”

“In other words, everything of the world we’re in now is just an old woman’s dream…That’s what you’re telling me,” Allen said with a calm voice.

There was not a hint of confusion or unrest in his expression.

“Hey now, isn’t this a great shock? I’ve just denied your entire existence, as it were.”

“—There’s too many inconsistencies. If your story is true, then the Third Period was made according to how she wanted it. She could have easily erased Ma and Irina without help from any of us.”

“No…That’s. Luna, she liked games, so—”

“There was no need to keep things going as they were after the world was destroyed. She should have just put things back to how they were right away, without relying on ‘Irregulars’ or ‘Re_Birthdays’.”

“Th-that’s why…It’s a game, a game! It’s how she likes to play!”

Sickle’s bat mark had started flickering.

“Play? Is it very fun to play by watching something, never participating yourself?”

“…There are people who think so, aren’t there? I’m a robot, so I wouldn’t knooow.”

“I see, so you’re saying she’s the type to enjoy looking upon the miniature garden that she’s created. –But if that was the case, why didn’t she stop Nemesis from destroying it?”

“Augh, you’re so caught up in the little details! Stop obsessing over the minutiae and despair at your reality!”

The bat mark began flashing more rapidly.
“And even more than that—I’m here. It’s quite bizarre for someone who exists in a dream to appear in reality, don’t you think? I’ve had a strange sensation ever since I came here. This fuzzy, unreal feeling—”

“…”

“Your story…is actually the opposite, isn’t it? Our world isn’t a dream. It’s actually yours that’s—”

“…That’s enough. Enough, Allen. …You win, I’m sorry.” Appearing to have regained his composure, Sickle’s bat mark stopped flashing. “Everything I said just now was a lie. I just wanted you to feel…just a little bit. The despair that—that I had to face.”

“Sickle…”

“From this point on—he’ll do the talking for me.”

Light began to gather right next to the old woman.

“The true lord of heaven—the ‘master of the heavenly yard’, will now make his appearance.”

Just as Sickle said, finally the light began to shift into a human shape.

A new figure stood before them.

“Yo, Allen. How’s it going?”

It was an overly familiar tone. That was to be expected.

The owner of the voice was someone Allen knew well.
“—Behemo. You’re…”

“Yeah. I’m the ‘master of the heavenly yard’,” Behemo replied, his artificial eye emitting a faint light.

The person who was steadily gazing upon Allen, with that eye that saw through everything…

Was a man in a maid outfit. One of the ‘Twin Gods’—Levia’s brother.

At least, he had been as far as Allen knew.

“…Wait a second, Behemo. I don’t understand this at all. The lord of heaven isn’t Sickle or this woman, but…you!?”

“Well, that’s how it is, sort of. Only, the heaven we’re in now is—a little different from the ‘heavenly yard’ you know of, I guess.”

“…?”

“That’s little more than another name for the ‘moon’. The real heaven is ‘the beginning of everything’…In other words, the ‘First Period’.”

“???”

“You seem confused—Well, let’s sit down and talk.”

Behemo took a seat in one of the chairs that had appeared there at some point.
