–To put together everything Behemo said, it went like this:

The world he had originally spent his days in…for the sake of convenience it was called the “First Period”.

The First Period was a world of incredibly advanced culture.

Thanks to that they were able to construct a realistic imaginary world using such things as internet and computers—though these were incomprehensible terms for Allen.

This was called the “Second Period”, and it was populated by “avatars” that were designed based on the traits and personalities of real people.

Surprisingly, the avatars had intellect that far surpassed that of actual humans. People grew obsessed with this new invention, and with further research its accuracy was improved.

Even so, the First Period’s overdeveloped culture backfired on them, and they wound up facing the threat of ruin.

To avert this, humanity decided to entrust everything to the avatars of the Second Period.

They chose to have the much smarter avatars come up with a solution for them.

They would create a “world-wide crisis” in the world of the Second Period using the artificial programs “HER”. Naturally, the avatars would become desperate, and do what they could to combat this. They would then apply this process to the real world—or so their line of reasoning went.

Certain “restrictions” that the Second Period had originally been configured with were lifted. They had been implemented to keep the AI from rebelling and as such releasing them carried a risk, but humanity no longer had the luxury of caring about that.

The rebellion that a portion of people worried about never happened. But the superior avatars did bring about an unexpected occurrence.

A miraculous event where an avatar, an imagined being, appeared in the real world of the First Period.

That avatar was “Levia”. She was based off of the traits of Behemo in the real world…But as he’d been family of one of the Second Period developers, Behemo apparently used his position to make some revisions to her design.

“Nothing really major,” Behemo said calmly. “I just inverted the gender. I made Levia into my ideal self.”

–For her part, Levia had thought the First Period to be little more than an alternate world.

And there…she met with Behemo, her “other self”.

With the assistance of the Second Period developers, Levia was immediately sent back to her original imaginary reality—but it was there that Behemo pulled another prank.

He had brought forward a new avatar into the Second Period. It was “Behemo” himself, this time without any alterations to his features.

Behemo’s avatar began to live in the Second Period as Levia’s twin brother.
The process to avert the ruin of the Second Period was steadily progressing.

But…the real world couldn’t wait for its completion.

Aside from a small handful, humanity in the First Period had met its end.

Behemo hadn’t given the particulars to Allen, but he had said this much as a hint:

“It was something similar to ‘Punishment’—like the destruction of the Third Period.”

The Second Period system just had barely survived, and Behemo wound up taking over its management. There was no one but him who was able to.

Behemo switched the Second Period’s process from “averting the world’s destruction” to “reviving the world”. He intentionally reduced the number of avatars so that he would be able to manage them by himself.

Specifically, he used Levia’s example.

He would invite the avatars into the real world, and have them revive the First Period.

.

“—I orchestrated things so that these superior avatars…these ‘members of the spaceship Climb One’ wouldn’t know the truth. They would discover a new planet and build there a new world, the ‘Third Period’…that was the ‘story’ I had them set to work under.”

Behemo continued his speech in an unhurried tone.
“In actuality this was not a new planet at all…The ‘First Period’, the real world that had been destroyed—was Earth.”

“So in other words, our world, the ‘Third Period’…”

“Is the history of a new humanity, reborn on Earth. That is the truth. –You can relax. As you guessed, Sickle and the others are the ones who were imaginary. Allen, Riliane…and the other denizens of the Third Period, you’re all ‘humans’ who genuinely exist.”

“…”

“But the avatars proved too advanced. And so the new humanity wound up possessing peculiar powers that hadn’t existed in the First Period humanity. –Magic, demons, and Irregular, and the like.”

“…And the survivors of the First Period, including you—”

“Unfortunately, they died before they could see the birth of the Third Period. The me you see before you now is just a simple avatar. …As the name implies, the ‘graveyard’ is the gravesite of the First Period’s humans. Everyone sleeps there.”

As Behemo said that, he gave a lonely smile.

–Just like Sickle’s story earlier, there was no guarantee that what Behemo had shared was the truth.

But Allen had no way to verify it.

“Hey…Behemo,” Sickle asked. “Was what we did…meaningless? The Third Period we worked so hard to create was also destroyed in the end.”

“I don’t think it was.” Behemo patted Sickle’s top panel as though in praise. “But time moves on. You and I…are beings of the past. The future from here on—”

Behemo stood, and along with Sickle looked towards Allen.

“—We shall leave to you and yours. I know that you’ll make better use of our mistakes.”
