Had being granted the right to “reincarnate” been fortunate for her?

Or had it been unfortunate?

Riliane didn’t know.

But it had been inconvenient at the very least. Each time she had been born anew she had lost the memories of her previous life, and each time she had had to do everything over again from the beginning.

–But she had no worry of that anymore.

She would never be reborn again.

For now that the world was destroyed and humanity had perished, there was no way for any new lives to be born.

Her many reincarnations…She had recovered all of the memories that she had gained by that process.

Naturally, that included her memories as Riliane, princess of Lucifenia.

So then—that meant there was only one thing she ought to do now!

“—Party!”
.

–An enormous banquet with everyone gathered together.

Losing a physical body didn’t have to be all bad.

They were able to make many things materialize just by making use of their imagination.

An ostentatious palace. Luxurious and splendid furnishings. And, a massive candy castle.

All of it like it had been back then.

Even though it was extravagant, no one genuinely criticized Riliane for it.

For these things weren’t made on the backs of others’ suffering.

Everyone’s smiling faces, having fun.

Everyone’s happiness.

…Why had she been unable to treasure that more back then?

.

He still hadn’t arrived yet.

But if they all gathered en masse and made a ruckus like this.

Surely he would hear of it.

She would just wait a little bit longer until then.

.
–When she suddenly looked to her side, she saw that the maid Chartette was lying on the floor and snoring.

She must have been fairly exhausted.

That was Riliane’s first thought, and then next…this question came to mind.

“…Can spirits even get tired?”

.

And then a strange event occurred.

Everyone outside of Riliane who was participating in the banquet—

Began to fall one by one.
