Riliane was simply baffled, looking upon her slumbering guests.

“What in the world…”

For now, she moved to Chartette, who had fallen nearby, and violently started shaking her shoulders.

“Hey, Chartette, wake up…I command you to wake up! Wake up, dammiiiiiit!”

But there was no reply.

All of the guests in the Hall of Mirrors at least seemed to be in the same state.

Riliane dashed out of the room and moved to look around the hallway.

“Is there anyone here who’s conscious!?” she shouted, but there was no reply.
After moving through the hallway a little, she found two fallen figures.

“—Father! Mother!”

Right when she raced to their side.

Riliane realized that she could hear several people’s footsteps from behind her, and turned around.

–Unfortunately, these people’s appearance was different from what she’d been hoping for.

They were soldiers clad in modern uniforms, pointing guns at her.

“Those outfits don’t suit this palace. And you haven’t gotten an invitation to participate in the banquet.”

“…”

“—You’re Tasan Elphegort soldiers, hm?”

The soldiers looked a little startled to hear those words come out of Riliane’s mouth.

They likely thought it was unheard of for a princess who lived five hundred years ago to know that name.

As they faced each other down, a tall man walked forward from behind the soldiers.

He was dressed like a general, but his uniform was not a Tasan one.

“So, it seems Princess Riliane is quite well-informed.”

“Indeed, I am. Shall I make a guess at your name as well, while I’m at it? …General Tony Ausdin.”

“–! I’m surprised that you would know about me.”
He and Riliane had met before. –Though at the time she had been wearing an outfit that hid her face, so Tony didn’t appear to recognize her.

But Riliane had no need to go to the trouble of explaining that she had been “Postman”.

“What a bizarre sight, you working alongside the Tasan military.”

“That’s true. The Tasan party was pulling strings behind the scenes to bring about the civil war in which I lost my life. …Well, that was then, and this is now. Right now I am working for justice, friendship—and my own, personal revenge.”

“…Were you the ones who put everyone to sleep?”

“You could say so, but you could also say we weren’t. –So, I have a question for you, the knowledgeable Princess Riliane. Do you know of the ‘Toragay mass murder event’?”

“…I’ve heard of it. That in a town in Elphegort many people died in a sleep-like death—”

“It was an event that occurred about a hundred years after you died. The culprit is among our allies. Well, as I understand it, we’re all dead. So no one’s going to be dying again from this ‘gift’…But there is a chance that they won’t ever open their eyes again.”

“For what purpose!?”

Tony appeared unruffled at Riliane’s angry shout. “We just put them to sleep because they were in the way. The purpose of this advance guard—is to capture you and keep you arrested here.”

“Advance guard…So that means someone is coming after you.”

“Exactly. And when they arrive—that will be the time of your demise.”

She didn’t fully understand all of it, but she got the gist.

Tony and the Tasan army. They were—her enemies.

“I’ve no intention of going along with you!”

The moment Riliane finished speaking, she turned around to spring away.

–But immediately after, a sharp pain bloomed in her back.

“Ow!”

The soldiers had shot Riliane.

“Stop resisting, Princess. Like I said earlier, we can’t kill each other…But even spirits can feel pain.”

“Guh…”

“We won’t take any harsh measures with you if you concede. Just stay quiet and still here and wait for your end—”

…Right then, Riliane, Tony, and the others noticed that yet more footsteps, even louder than before, were coming their way.

They weren’t human. It was the clopping of hoofbeats.

It was coming from behind Tony and the soldiers.

“Are those new troops!? …Fire!”
The soldiers turned around and readied their guns at the general’s command.

–But a white horse rammed into one of the soldiers faster than they could move.

“Gaah!”

Giving a sidelong glance to the soldier that was blown back, Tony and the remaining forces took a step backwards.

A nun sat straddling the white horse’s back.

It was a woman with hair as white as the horse’s.

Tony’s expression stiffened upon seeing her face.

“Y-you’re—”

Not looking to miss her chance, the nun jerked on the reins. The white horse started to run again, slipping by Tony and the other soldiers.

And then it approached Riliane.

“Rin!”

At the nun’s encouragement, Riliane vigorously leapt—and landed about the horse’s hindquarters.

“Run!”

The horse raced through the hallway without stopping.

“After her! Don’t let her escape!” Tony shouted to the soldiers as her finally regained his composure, at the same time giving chase himself.

The soldiers fired, but though they were souls now it was still not that easy a thing to hit a target moving at a rapid speed.

There was no fear of illusory guns running out of bullets. However, as this kept up their target was only getting farther and farther away.

The soldiers reluctantly stopped firing their guns and started to chase after the horse behind Tony.

But—

“Huh!?”

Tony’s feet suddenly caught, and he tumbled to the ground.

And then the same thing happened to the soldiers.

They tried to stand immediately, but before they could their feet slipped and they fell once more.

“What the!?”

They realized that a change had occurred at their feet.

The floor around them was sparkling, having been frozen solid.

“Damn! We can’t walk with our feet sliding everywhere!”

As this was going on, Tony and the others lost sight of the white horse.
