Mother.

Father.

Please tell to me.

The method to change gods into humans.

The way to meet you both—

.

…Before she knew it, Maria Moonlit was in the position of ruling the country.

.

She had several fragmented memories of her past.

When she was fourteen she had been struck by lightning in the garden of an orphanage, and for the first time received a divine revelation.

The legacy of the gods, “Sin”—the two dragon gods that slept inside it were her true parents.

She had been raised with the teaching that “everyone is a child of the gods”.

That teaching had been proven correct.

Maria was indeed the gods’ child.

.
The Magic Kingdom Levianta continued to grow prosperous by expanding on the cultural legacy given to them by the gods.

As the queen that reigned at its apex.

As the prophet who conveyed the will of those gods.

Maria abandoned her old name, and obtained a new one.

–Alice Merry-Go-Round.

.

But she knew.

That she was little more than a puppet.

The ones who actually ruled the country were the fools who should have been her subordinates.

She didn’t mind that.

For what Alice needed to undertake was not governance, but to follow and uphold the will of the gods as it was shown to her in a small glass bottle.

.

She needed to protect the “Twins of God”.

The ones she held in her hands—

Her adorable children.

.
But those fools couldn’t understand that.

Unable to fulfill the gods’ orders, Alice was a failure prophet.

Even so, she continued still to pray to the gods.

.

Her prayers got through, and her small bottle showed a new message from them.

.

“Our beloved daughter Alice, you must now create and offer up vessels for us”

“The Gear of Twilight…If you do not accomplish this before its time arrives, the sky and the earth will be filled with our wrath, and everything will be reduced to ashes”

.

–In other words, that would mean a complete end of the world.

However…

Alice could not become pregnant again.

.

So then, as a prophet.

She conveyed her oracle to the fools.

She would make them atone for their own mistake.
