One month after Kayo was arrested by those at the magistrates office, she was put to “trial”.

She was to be judged by the Izami magistrate, Okuto Gato.

Kayo-san’s grandfather.
“Sudou Kayo. You murdered Miroku Mei, the mistress of the Miroku shop, with a pair of scissors—is that correct?” the magistrate asked.

“Yes. That is correct,” Kayo-san responded.

“Why did you harbor murderous intent towards Mei?” the magistrate again asked.

“Because she made advances on my husband,” Kayo-san, again, responded.

“Were you also the one to murder Mei’s daughter, Miku?”

“Yes. That is correct.”

“Why?”

“Because she made advances on my husband.”

“And you also killed Miku’s sister, Rin?”

“Yes. That is correct.”

“Why did you kill her?”

“Because she made advances on my husband.”

Kayo-san kept repeating the same words, like a clockwork-doll.

“…One last thing. Was it also you who killed Miroku Kai on Mount—”
“Yes. That is correct.”

“…State your motive.”

“Because my husband was always having affairs with other women.”

The magistrate stood up.

“Miroku Kai…was not your husband! Sudou Gakuga was burned to death in the great fire four years ago!”

“No. I know that that man is my husband. That’s why I killed him.”

“…Sigh.” The magistrate sat down once more, clutching his head with his right hand. “Perhaps it was a mistake to drive you out of my mansion…I’d never imagined you’d be this insane.”

“…”

“I shall declare judgment. Sudou Kayo—Out of your own willful delusion, you have murdered the entire Miroku family via cruel methods, and brought chaos and fear to the people of Enbizaka. This crime cannot be permitted. So…in three days, you will be executed by decapitation in Enbizaka’s execution site.”

After the magistrate made his pronouncement, samurai who had been standing near Kayo-san gripped her body from the side and hauled her off somewhere.

I could do no more than watch them from the crowd at a distance.
