I met Kiji on the way back from the magistrate’s.

“Has the ‘trial’ ended already?”

It was unusual for him to speak to me, so I decided to reply. “Yeah…She’ll be executed three days later, at the execution site in Enbizaka.”

“So, the death penalty after all. Well, I guess that’s only natural.”

“…You fine with that?”

“With what?”

“Didn’t you say that you wanted to kill Kayo-san yourself, with your own hands?”

“Very much so. But I can’t just attack the magistrate’s office and take her away with me. I’m disappointed, but I’ll step back.”

I privately grew furious with Kiji, talking so casually.

But then—Kayo-san had killed someone that he loved.

What kind of feelings would I have if I were in his position?

Thinking of it that way, I couldn’t fault him for his anger.

I had wanted to save Kayo-san, but I also knew that I could not.

She was a murderer.

She had brought many people unhappiness.

“I guess that means my revenge ends here,” Kiji said, straightening out the collar on his suit. “–Just like her.”

“…? What do you mean?”

“…Oop, did I just say that out loud?”

Kiji put a hand to his mouth in a very affected fashion.

“…Tell me, you bastard. What do you know?”

I drew the katana at my hip and closed the distance between me and Kiji.

“Hey hey. Don’t go pulling out such a dangerous weapon like that. You’re getting pretty worked up, yeah?”

“I’m just sick of that foppish grin on your face.”

I once more sheathed my katana.

After verifying that, Kiji then replied, “—What did Sudou Kayo say about her motives for the murders?”

“…Apparently she was convinced that Miroku Kai was her husband. And she killed the women around him.”

“I see…I guess she really does intend to take the truth to her grave.”

“So then what is the truth?!”

“You get emotional pretty fast—this is why I hate ankle-biters like you. If you wanna know that bad, then I’ll tell ya.”

Kiji handed me a scrap of paper.

On it were the names of several people, as well as various red fingerprints stamped underneath them.

“What’s this?”

“A blood seal letter for the Crimson Robed Masses…Ah, do you know what the Crimson Robed Masses are?”

“…It’s an enormous radical isolationist sect in Jakoku. They despise foreigners from the depths of their hearts. I myself have been targeted by them a few times on my journey.”

“I guess that’s understandable, given your appearance. The Yarera Zusco Firm has also had dealings with them…naturally, of the negative variety. It was through a few skirmishes with them that I was able to obtain this letter—And do you see a familiar name written on it?”

I scanned the blood seal letter.

“…Him!?”

“Miroku Kai—he was another member of the Crimson Robed Masses…That’s what this means.”

“He must have had foreign genes himself. How could he be a member of the Crimson Robed Masses?”

“There are various factions in the Crimson Robed Masses. One makes an enemy of all who have foreign genes, including those of mixed race. Another only targets pure-blooded foreigners. In his case, he was a member of the latter.”

“Even so…I don’t get it. Why did Miroku Kai hate foreigners?”

“His mother took her own life when he was ten years old. According to rumor, she was gang raped by foreigners or something like that….I’d wager that’s the reason.”

“But—what does this have to do with Kayo-san?” I asked, handing the blood seal letter back to Kiji.

“Sudou Kayo lost her husband and son in the Great Fire four years ago.”

“Yeah, I know that much.”

“…And supposing that Miroku Kai was the one who started that fire?”

“–!”

“Judging from where the flames first started, the arsonist’s goal was the foreign trading houses. So it stands to reason that the culprit was someone who hated foreigners.”

“…”

“Through some means, Sudou Kayo figured out that Miroku Kai was the arsonist. And as revenge on the man who brought her husband and son to their deaths—she decided to feign insanity and kill Kai and his family.”

“…But then why doesn’t Kayo-san make this all public? Once this has all come to light I’m sure they’d give her a less harsh sentence—”

“I wonder. Even if it was out of revenge, the fact remains that she killed people. Vengeance is forbidden in this country, remember?”

“Huh…”

What Kiji had said was on point.

But…While that may be the case, why go so far as to hide her real reason?
“…Looks like you still don’t get it,” Kiji said, looking put-upon. “Those people at the magistrate’s office aren’t idiots. They figured out a long time ago that the arson was the work of the Crimson Robed Masses. But despite all that…they let the Crimson Robed Masses slide, not making any move to catch the culprit.”

“—Is the magistrate’s office afraid of them?”

“The Crimson Robed Masses are a very large organization. If the magistrate’s office—and the shogunate behind them—were to go against them all at once, then it would undoubtedly turn to war. They want to avoid that. Both the magistrate…and, most likely, Sudou Kayo as well.”

“…? Why Kayo-san?”

“If she made everything public at her trial—the magistrate’s office would be forced to take suppressive measures towards the Crimson Robed Masses. Their base of operations is Mount Inasa. To put it another way…Where do you think the battle would spread to first?”

“—Its surrounding area. In other words…Enbizaka.”

“This next bit is a little speculation on my part, but…Sudou Kayo would have wanted to protect Enbizaka, wouldn’t she? This town where she was born and raised.”

No words came forth.

I didn’t know if everything that Kiji had said was the truth.

But if it were true.

Then Kayo-san had surely, always conducted herself that way.

She would die shouldering all the burden on herself, saying nothing to anyone.
That’s the kind of person she was.

“…Why?”

“Hm?”

“Why are you telling me all of this?”

“…Dunno,” Kiji answered, looking off to the side.

And then next, he said,

“Only…You said that she was like a mother to you, right? In that case…I figured—you at least ought to know the truth about her.”

“Kiji…”

“I’ll say one last thing. What I told you just now is nothing more than my own conjecture. And whatever the truth may be, that doesn’t change her crime. The fact in itself that she’s a madwoman who murdered people is certainly the truth.”

“Yeah…I understand.”

“—I’ll be heading back to my home country in two weeks. Not just for a temporary visit. I’ll be receiving a standard education for my inheritance. I’ll be saying goodbye to Jakoku soon.”

“I see…”

“But I know that I’ll come back here some day. …To this land where Miku sleeps. –I’ll see you again then.”

Kiji held out his right hand.

I strongly gripped his hand and shook it.
