Three days later.

Many people had gathered at Enbizaka’s execution site.

To see the execution of the murderer of the entire Miroku family, Sudou Kayo.

.

The crowd gave various responses when Kayo-san showed herself, bound in rope.

There were those who pitied her, and came to tears.

There were those that showered her with jeers.

Some just glared at her, wordlessly.

And some looked on with interest.

.

I could not support nor condemn them.

For I too was there right then, in much the same way.

To see Kayo-san’s last moments.
.

“…Are you fine with this?” Inukichi murmured from beside me.

“With what?”

“It’s still not too late, even now. There aren’t a lot of samurai around even including the watch-guards. The two of us could probably manage saving Kayo-san and getting away—”

“Don’t talk nonsense,” I flatly cut him off. “She committed a crime. She acknowledged that herself, and has accepted being executed.”

“But…Then at the very least, you shouldn’t be here. Having to watch someone important to you die—”

“You’re wrong, Inukichi.”

Kayo-san had been very important to me.

She’d given me so many fun memories.

And that was why—

“I have to see her die for myself.

.

The executioner samurai walked up to stand before the kneeling Kayo-san.
Holding his katana in both hands, he aimed the edge of the blade at her neck.

Kayo-san slowly closed her eyes, appearing to steady her resolve.

The executioner silently lifted the blade in the air.

Kayo-san was not even permitted to give any last words.

The executioner strengthened his grip, veins becoming visible in his arms.

And then—

After giving out a small shout, he brought the blade down on Kayo-san’s neck.

.

“…”

“…”

“…Th-this must be a joke …”

A commotion began around me.

Blood was flowing from Kayo-san’s neck.

Her face was wracked with agony.

It looked extremely painful.

But—her head had not separated from her body.

“…What a blunder,” I could hear someone mutter. It was Kiji’s voice.

The execution samurai hurriedly lifted his katana up once more.

And then brought it down on Kayo-san’s neck.

Two times. Three. Four.

Each time he did, Kayo-san screamed.

But her head was never cut off.

I could see some bizarre change occurring on her neck.

Her skin was changing color, almost as though it was turning into fish scales.

Those scales—closed the wound on her neck, and steadily started to repair the damage.

The katana was, indeed, cutting Kayo-san’s neck.

But the scales were repairing the cut with even greater fervor, and so no matter how much time passed, her head never fell.

“She’s a m-monster…” the executioner whispered.

Then he finally threw away his katana and ran from the spot.
