Kayo-san’s execution was slated to take place again after four days.

“…What do you think?” I asked Saruteito, eating tuna takoyaki sans the tuna in the tea shop.

“—From what I saw, there wasn’t anything wrong with the katana. I can only think that she isn’t a normal person after all…yannow.”

“Kayo-san’s neck seemed to get covered in scales…”

“Scales…As I recall, there’s a legend that if you eat mermaid flesh you become immortal…yannow.”

“You think Kayo-san ate mermaid flesh?”

“There’s no way I’d know that. It’s just speculation. …Although, the possibility isn’t completely out of line, if you take into account that the mermaid who gave you your revelation was trying to get you and Kayo to meet. …yannow.”

At the very least, there seemed to be some connection between Kayo-san and the mermaid.

Was that all there was?

“In any case, I can’t help but feel bad for Kayo-san with all this. It’s not like she can’t feel pain. …If what happened before continues on over and over again—”

“—It sounds more painful than just simply dying…yannow.”

“Can’t you…make a katana that can kill her, Saruteito?”

“Don’t be absurd. A katana isn’t something one can just make on the fly. Much less a katana that can fair against such a bizarre phenomenon—”

“Scuuuse me. Miso ikayaki pleeease!”

Saruteito’s words were drowned out by a sudden, loud voice.

When I unthinkingly glanced in the direction of the voice, I saw a woman in a maid uniform waving for the server with a smile on her face.

She suddenly looked our way.

Then she stood and came up to us.

“Good day, Saruteito-san.”

“You’re…ah, that maid from the Freezis Trading House…yannow.”

Come to think of it, Inukichi had said it too.

That there was a cute maid at the Freezis Trading House.

As memory served, her name was…some strange name like Bufuko or something.

“Are you the Koutan-douji-san that’s the talk of so much gossip? It’s nice to meet you,” Bufuko said in greeting to me.

“Same here.”

“Erm…Do you have a spare moment?” Bufuko quickly started to act bashful, as though embarrassed. “I’d like to talk with you, just the two of us…”

“Huh?”

“Ho…you must be pretty popular, Kokutan…yannow,” Saruteito teased from the side.

She was always wearing that monkey mask, so I couldn’t see her expression.

But…was it my imagination that she looked a little bit angry somehow?

“Alright. Let’s go somewhere where people won’t be watching us.”

I stood up.

Well…maybe she just wanted to talk to me about Inukichi or something like that.
