The moment that Joseph entered the kitchen, he began to violently start coughing.

“-Cough, cough-…gah, another fit?”

He took out two small bottles from his breast pocket. One had in it a fine gold powder, and the other a blue liquid.

He opened the lids on both bottles, and put a little of the contents in each inside a cup that was set on the table. After he proceeded to pour in some water and stir it all around, Joseph drank it up.

“Phew…That hardly ever happens anymore.”

He speculated that perhaps the source of his spasms was that he was being constantly put in some very spiritually draining situations lately.

Being captured by the enemy country, and then after being released from there being immediately made to conceal himself under the guise of a stranger, his true identity hidden. Perhaps his anxiety had piled up on him without him knowing.

Banica Conchita, huh…?

He recalled his employer, who he had been facing just before.

Looks like her appearance and personality have completely changed from who she was thirteen years ago.

Where she had been fat before she’d become unbelievably slender, and there was no sign of timidity in her personality. She was certainly a different person from the Banica that he had known long before.

Hmph. Well, I guess it’s the same with me, Joseph said self deprecatingly inside his mind.

Banica hadn’t realized who he truly was.

It wasn’t merely a result of his appearance changing after the passage of thirteen years.

Right then Joseph had a different face than he did originally. Not just in the sense that he was lying about his social status. His face had been switched with that of a different person’s.

That was due to the magic of the man called AB-CIR.

Or to be more accurate, it was due to the power of his blade, the “Venom Sword”.

His true name was “Carlos Marlon”.

The third prince of the country of Marlon.
