Carlos had thought at first that the man named AB-CIR was a mere swindler.

But after being captured by him and having his face changed, he had to admit that AB-CIR was a true “sorcerer” after all.

If he’d continued to be held prisoner as he was, he would undoubtedly have been used as a political pawn. Not just that. Thinking of the relationship between Marlon and Lioness, it wouldn’t have surprised him if he had ended up being killed.

Either was something that Carlos had wanted to avoid. Right around the time he was in jail wondering if there was any way he could possibly escape, he overheard the conversation between AB-CIR and that thief.

He hadn’t seen Banica directly since their engagement was broken off, but word of her activities had reached Marlon. That she was traveling every country, studying the various “foods” there, and working on the advancement of Beelzenia.

Carlos had thought that was so like Banica, who had told him that she liked eating; at the same time, he was surprised at her display of dynamism.

Speaking of himself, he had continued to spend his days smoldering around in the palace, as he ever had. The once bashful Banica had become so assertive, and yet nothing about him had changed at all.

Why had he not persisted in getting engaged to her back then in the first place? He put on a strong front, but he couldn’t defy all those stronger than him. He was pitiful back then.

Out of the desire to be even just the slightest bit closer to Banica, Carlos had started to study cooking under the cooks on retainer in the palace.

Naturally, he had no illusions of being able to catch up to her in that. There was a difference between their respective enthusiasm towards food to start with. Even so, he was able to manage to acquire some degree of skill. Though, he was to the end stuck at the level of a hobbyist, and so no one would eat anything that he made.

He had first learned that Banica had gone mad upon hearing the conversation between AB-CIR and the thief. He had stopped hearing any more rumors about her after word got around that she’d become the lord of the Conchita territory. Empress Juno had likely endeavored to keep any further news from leaking to outside regions.

Carlos had offered his assistance to AB-CIR right there on the spot. First, to obtain an excuse to get out of the prison, and second…he wanted to meet her one more time, and see the truth for himself.

The actions that Banica had taken at that banquet thirteen years ago–Perhaps it all had something to do with that. If that was the case then he wanted to face her again, and not run away this time.

If he could be forgiven, then maybe this time–

Carlos had prepared for AB-CIR to reject his proposal at first. Carlos had also been ready to try and persuade him when he did–but AB-CIR had readily accepted his request.

“I see–How interesting,” he had said, looking upon Carlos with a smirk.

The female thief butted in, listening off to the side, “Is that alright? I’m sure he’s just saying that as a pretext to escape.”

“Even if so, I don’t care. He was captured by me. I should be free to let him loose.” Contrary to Carlos’ expectations, it seemed that AB-CIR had no interest at all in the relationship between Marlon and Lioness, or the war itself. “I’m shorthanded so I must use all that I have at my disposal. If he says he’s an acquaintance of Conchita, then he can be of some use to me.”

However, it seemed as though the lady thief couldn’t get behind AB-CIR’s reasoning.

“Isn’t he worse off, with her already knowing his face? Conchita keeps outsiders away from her mansion. The only people she lets in normally are her servants and her cook.”

“–Didn’t you tell me that cook was dead in the mansion?”

“Yeah. He turned into a monster.”

“Then that means there are no cooks there right now. From what I’m hearing, the odds of her hiring on a new cook are quite high–Prince Carlos.” AB-CIR turned to Carlos and asked, while maintaining a gentle expression, “Can you cook?”

“…A little.”

“Then if you can I’d like to have you enter the mansion as a cook. I once killed a chef by the name of Joseph, long ago. …Could you not ask me about that? In the end it was a misunderstanding on my part, and I did something bad to him. –Well, it’s very convenient now, as I will have you take Joseph’s place.”

“No…hold on a second. Like she said, Banica and I know each other. I’ll be found out instantly if I try to disguise myself that way.”

“Normally, yes–But I am able to change you to resemble the real Joseph.”

Then, the cat that had been riding on AB-CIR’s shoulder ran off somewhere.

When it returned, the cat was holding a single, peculiar sword in its mouth.

AB-CIR took the sword from the cat and unsheathed it.

“I’m still not used to handling this sword…Though it should be fine if I can regulate it well.”

He unlocked the door to Carlos’ cell and entered.

“Don’t move…Unless you want to get possessed by a demon.”

Carlos made no move of resistance in response to AB-CIR lifting the sword overhead, both his hands bound.

“Here!”

The sword was brought down on Carlos’ eyes, and there he passed out.

He woke up several hours later, and when the female thief showed him a mirror, he discovered that he’d gotten a new face.
