Even more than the abnormality of the contents of her meals, Banica ate far and away more than the average person.

As Carlos was the only proper cook working in the mansion, there were a lot of times where his workload would become almost too much to handle, particularly when making dishes that took a while, and so he wouldn’t be able to manage it all by himself.

At times like that Banica would have one of the twins assist in the cooking though generally the person the task would fall to was Arte.

Pollo didn’t seem to have any cooking ability at all. He couldn’t remember basic cooking techniques no matter how many times Carlos explained it to him, and often he would just make things even more of a hassle out of sheer uselessness, such as messing up the amount of water to put in bread dough and making it a gooey mess, or making the fire for the cooking pot too hot and scorching the contents inside.
Arte was somewhat more serious than Pollo, but in her case she would cut corners and goof off behind Carlos’ back every now and then.

In addition to that, it seemed Arte and Pollo really hadn’t taken to Carlos much–more than that, rather, they despised him.

Arte would hardly ever speak a word with Carlos unless she needed to, and Pollo would pull pranks on him at every opportunity. Several times since he’d come to the mansion Carlos would find himself slipping on banana peels that Pollo left lying around. It had gotten to the point where Carlos was starting to wonder if even Pollo failing so much at cooking was something he was doing deliberately.

When they had come to Marlon oh so long ago, they hadn’t really hated him the way they did now. That was the one difference that could be found with these twins, whose appearance had not changed at all.

Although, Carlos was currently in this mansion as “Joseph”. So in other words, it wasn’t Carlos they couldn’t stand, but Joseph.

Carlos speculated that they hated a stranger entering into their world that consisted of just Banica and them.

If that was the case it was an extremely childish reason, but he got the feeling that wasn’t all of it.

One day Carlos decided to ask about it, trying to start a conversation with Arte while she was helping him with his cooking.
“Uh–excuse me…Can I ask you something?” Carlos spoke up with a hesitant voice as she lit a fire under the cooking pot.

His face was different, so he didn’t think his true identity would be found out, but even so his stature and voice were the same as before. So, just to be safe, in the mansion Carlos would put on a timid persona quite unlike his real self.

“…What.”

Arte gave a blunt response while violently bringing down a kitchen knife on a lizard before her.

The fifteen-legged rainbow-colored lizard would give out a strange noise each time Arte sliced a piece of it off. Arte’s pet, the white pig Murara, was fixedly watching over the scene by her feet, but it wasn’t clear if the pig was actually able to see anything, being eyeless.

“Lady Conchita and Mr. Pollo are with visitors right now…soldiers of the Imperial army, right?”

For the time being Carlos decided to start with an innocuous topic.

The Imperial army was a unit of Empress Juno’s direct military forces. It wasn’t all that uncommon for their soldiers to visit Banica on Juno’s behalf. Though lately it felt as though the frequency of their visits was increasing.

He didn’t need to think very hard on why. Undoubtedly it had to do with the white animals.

The number of them escaping from the mansion continued to rise, and they were frequently causing problems in the territory. She was likely seeking an explanation from Banica regarding that.

“Isn’t it not good for Lady Conchita to continue giving her the slip like that?”

Arte ignored Carlos’ words, continuing to chop up the lizard.
But around the time she had so thinly divided the lizard that it finally stopped screaming, Arte opened her mouth.

“…It seems she’s been told several times to report to the castle. But Lady Banica is continuing to ignore her.”

“Why? If she keeps this up won’t it look like she’s going against the imperial fam–”

Arte suddenly threw the knife that she’d been holding in her hand at Carlos’ face, interrupting him.

“Aah!”

In that instant Carlos was unable to move away, but the knife hit the stone wall behind him without making a mark on him, and then fell with a clatter to the floor.

“Shut up with your bitching! Just keep quiet and make food like you’re supposed to! Honestly you are so annoying! You’re so annoying!”

Carlos quietly picked up the knife and set it on top of the preparation counter

“It seems like you really hate me, Miss Arte. Is it because I’m so clumsy? If so then I apologize, but if you can I would like you to tell me why.”

He asked his question with as quiet a manner as he could, trying not to anger Arte any further. When he did, she seemed to calm down a little bit, and then said stiffly, glowering at Carlos, “…It’s your face. You look a lot like that man who left me and Pollo deep in the forest.”

“That man?”

“He was the henchman of a witch. We would call that witch and that man ‘Mother’ and 'Father’, but they weren’t our parents. They were fakes. And the second they ran out of food during a famine, they abandoned us in a forest. If there hadn’t been any moonlight we might have wandered that forest and died of starvation. So after we returned back safely to the house, we threw the witch in the oven–”

After getting to that part, Arte put a hand to her mouth, as though returning to her senses.

“…It’s a story of the past. Yes, a tale from a long, long time ago.”

After murmuring only that, she took a piece of the lizard’s body and threw it to Murara. The white pig gobbled it up, and happily squealed.

Then Arte once more picked up the knife that had been left on the counter and began to cut up a new lizard.

The way she explained it was a little hard to understand, but Carlos could grasp the fact that Arte and Pollo had in their past been discarded by their adoptive parents, and that the twins carried a prejudice towards him because his current face resembled that of their adoptive father.

Carlos had once thought himself an unlucky child. But Carlos’ circumstances had been greatly preferable to those of Banica and the twins.

“…I’m sorry.”

Those words just seemed to naturally fall out of his mouth.

“Why? You don’t have to apologize. …In the end, you’re not Adam, are you?”

Adam was most likely the name of the adoptive father.

Arte didn’t speak to him again until the meal was finished.
