That day as well Carlos was in the kitchen, preparing dinner for Banica.

The only thing he had left as ingredients were items so bizarre that to describe them would induce disgust.

“Oh, the wine stock has completely run out.”

There was always just one bottle of wine left in the kitchen. So that it could be brought over quickly whenever Banica said she wanted to have some. But right now the bottle was empty.

Carlos headed for the basement larder in search of a new wine bottle. There were many varieties of wine kept in there, but there was only fundamentally one kind that Banica would drink.

“Blood Grave”–a wine made in the Conchita territory, created under Banica’s own instruction. It was periodically brought over from a winery in the south.

Of all the items that Banica would put to her lips, the sole decent thing among them was this “Blood Grave”. It was blended with ingredients largely unknown to other wines and alcohols; depending on the circumstances there were times when she would drink up raw animal blood.

Carlos took out one of the bottles of “Blood Grave” and turned around to return back to the kitchen.

“Ah, this is where you’ve been, hm?♥”

Before he knew it, Banica was standing there.

She seemed a little drunk. Her face was faintly flushed, and her eyes were bleary. Looking at the state of her,

Carlos understood why the wine bottle in the kitchen was empty.

“You’ve done good work today,” Banica said, drawing closer to Carlos and slowly going to rest her chin on his left shoulder.

As she did, she put both of her arms around his back.

He could feel Banica’s heartbeat, almost beating out of her chest.

“H—have you gotten drunk?”

“Oho, maybe I have♥ I’ve gotten a little bit drowsy.”

“Then I’ll take you up to your bedroom. After you’ve had a nap I’ll finish dinner.”

Ordinarily, he would call Arte and Pollo over and entrust her to them. But they always went somewhere during the day, they hadn’t yet come back. Without any other option, Carlos embraced Banica and carried her up three flights of stairs to her bedroom.

“Sigh♥”

The minute they reached the room, Banica lay down as though flopping onto the bed.

“Well, I’ll return to the dinner preparations,” Carlos said. As he was trying to take his leave, however, Banica grabbed his arm.

“—Stay here just a little bit longer.” She was blushing, but her expression was serious. “Up until now, I haven’t been able to sit down and have a talk with you, huh?”

“W—well no, but, I have to finish making di—”

“That’s enough for today. I don’t have an appetite.”

That was the first time that Banica had ever said that she didn’t need to eat. In a way you could call that a major event, but right then Carlos didn’t have the composure to think about something like that.

The breast of her dress was open. He somehow managed to tear his gaze away, trying to resist her seduction.

He had to say something. But no matter how many times he told himself that, no words came out of his mouth.

“I want to hear your story. Like how you were after I returned home when our engagement was cut off—”

“–! …You’ve figured out my true identity?”

“Just recently. Your face has changed quite a bit, but as I spent with you, your original face ended up becoming gradually more visible to me.”

Banica’s eyes began to grow even mistier. That likely wasn’t due to her intoxication.

“…Banica.”

Carlos moved to hang over Banica, and tightly embraced her.

The two of them didn’t leave the bedroom until dawn the following day.

.

That next morning when Carlos returned to the kitchen, Arte and Pollo were there; they glared at him as though looking at their arch-enemy, and said shortly,

“We’re.“

"Hungry.”

Carlos quickly set about preparing breakfast.
