One morning, after several months had passed.

Carlos woke from the sound of loud voices coming from the entry hall.

“That’s why I’m saying you must respond to her summons!”

It was a bold man’s voice–neither Banica nor the twins.

It sounded like a visitor, but it didn’t have the tone of someone who was there on idle matters.

Carlos leapt out of bed, and decided to head for the entry hall to take a quick look at what was going on.

When he casually looked outside from a hallway window, his eyes were met with a peculiar sight.

–The mansion was encircled by soldiers.

There were probably about twenty men. It wasn’t that of a whole army unit, but it wasn’t a trivial accompaniment, to enclose the mansion of a regional lord. And all of them were clad in the red armor of the Imperial army.

I guess the imperial family’s finally taking stronger measures!

Even so, this was after all an in-country dispute. Surely the imperial family wouldn’t get rough if Banica would only comply–

That was Carlos’ thinking right up until he got to the foyer.

“He was being such a nag, so I finally killed him! Geheehee!”

– Pollo was standing there, making his strange laugh while covered entirely in blood.

In his left hand he gripped a knife, and at his feet lay a bearded soldier on his back.

“P—Pollo…What the hell are you—“

“Oh, you’ve finally killed him hm?♥” Banica crowed in delight as she appeared before them, interrupting Carlos’ words.

“Banica–You must stop this! If word gets out that you’ve killed a messenger of the imperial family, then–“

“It’s fine. I’ve grown tired of staying shut up here in the mansion.”

It seemed that in contrast to Carlos, Banica couldn’t grasp the seriousness of the situation.

“Don’t you know what’s going on!? The mansion is surrounded by soldiers! What can the four of us possibly do about them!?”

“Oh, were you intending to fight alongside us? You’re welcome to it, but weak as you are you wouldn’t be much use in battle. Stay here–“

Banica raised up her hands as though imploring the heavens.

"And leave this to me–no. To us.”

As she spoke, the mansion seemed to violently sway.

“UUUUUUUNNNNNNHHHHHH!”

He heard a groan from belowground that made his hair stand on end. It gradually grew louder, and then when it had finally reached its peak–

“Gyaaaaaaaaah!”

Screams resounded from outside the mansion.

Carlos ran up to the second floor again, and once more looked outside the window.

The soldiers were fighting with something on the other side of the exterior walls. At first glance, they looked to be nude human beings.

But their skin was clearly much, much paler than that of the soldiers, and they had claws that stretched out like stilettos.

The female thief had said that “a dead body came to life”.

This had probably been what she’d seen.

But it wasn’t just the one. One by one they appeared from the ground, and in a flash their numbers had not only grown to be on par with that of the soldiers, but soon eclipsed them.

Immediately after erupting from the ground, they were mere skeletons, entirely without skin or even flesh. But when they attacked the soldiers and bit off pieces of their flesh, they gradually obtained pure white bodies.

Having become human-like in appearance, there were among them those who looked male, and those who looked female. Their movements were sluggish, but as the soldiers were badly shaken by their sudden appearance, they steadily fell victim to them.

Carlos suddenly caught his eyes on one of the Pale Men. There was a golden haired girl straddling its shoulders, riding along.

It was Arte.

“Gooo! This is war! War!”

She was gazing upon the Pale Men fighting while cheerfully shouting along.

Does that mean she’s commanding them!?

Then Carlos saw the face of the Pale Man that Arte was riding on. He could swear he’d seen that face, what looked to be a man, somewhere before. Carlos wracked his memory…and recalled who he was.

“…That’s right. That’s—that head retainer.”

That man called Ron, who had come to Marlon with Banica and company 13 years ago.

That Pale Man looked very much like him.

“Mmhmm…Everyone’s giving it their all♥”

Before he’d realized it, Banica had come up behind him. She was nodding in a pleased sort of way while looking over the state of the battle.

“Banica…What in the world…

“Don’t worry. These are all skilled retainers who have served the Conchita family for many years. They won’t lose to such young soldiers.”

“I’m not asking about that! I mean what in the world…are you trying to do?…” Carlos asked, hanging his head with his hand on the window ledge.

“Didn’t I tell you a long time ago? My dream is to eat up all the food in the world.”

Conchita leaned out the window, and then jumped down towards the ground.

It was a fairly tall height. Ordinarily she might have broken her feet, or else in a worse case sustained some grave injury, but she gently floated down as light as a piece of fluff, and nimbly alighted on the ground.

“Well, I’ve come to a realization! I can eat every single thing that exists in the land!”

She twirled around once as though dancing, loudly shouting her words.

“Pigs! Dogs! Birds! Dirt! Houses! Towns! Countries! Continents! I can eat all of it! Therefore—I’ll devour everything in this world!”

The groaning of the Pale Men. The screams of the soldiers.

Banica’s laughter resounded louder than all of them.
