Carlos had no way of knowing how the actions that Banica and the others took would be perceived by the Beelzenian Imperial family, and the rest of the country.

Since that day, the imperial army made no attempt to invade the mansion again. Perhaps Juno was trying to make it so that news of the incident wouldn’t go public. Or maybe she was gathering up her forces to defeat the Pale Men in one fell swoop…

At any rate, right now Carlos had no way of knowing what was going on outside. Those in the mansion were under house arrest.

He had grown completely terrified at seeing those Pale Men. Finally he had come to understand that he’d stepped into a domain that he should have never trifled with.

It wasn’t a matter of her being a pervert, or creep.

Banica had become a witch who had sold her soul to a demon.

Even more frightening, even though he’d seen that witch’s true personality himself–the fact remained he still harbored affection for her.

The following day, Carlos tried to escape the mansion. He was unable to bear facing the truth. In the end, he was no different than the other cooks–though at the time he didn’t have the composure to feel bad about that.

However, his plan tragically failed. The mansion had already become surrounded by Pale Men, and Carlos did not have the reflexes to slip past and escape from either them or the twins who commanded them.

Captured by their number after sneaking out of the mansion, Carlos was brought before Banica with both arms seized by the twins.

Faced with Banica silently gazing down upon, Carlos could think of nothing whatsoever to say to her. The best words to put forward–if Carlos had them at all, he wouldn’t have tried to run away to begin with.

In the end the only thing that left Carlos’ mouth was a bluff.

“–Before long might I be able to take a vacation?”

Upon hearing that, Banica turned her back on Carlos in disgust, and said only, “…All of the cooks up until now would ask that and then vanish. Good grief–I can’t do anything with you people…”

At her words’ cold tone, Carlos prepared to be killed. The thief had told him that she’d seen the previous cook dead in the basement, and he had been killed by the twins as well. Though he had tried not to think about that, not until he had seen Pollo, stained in blood from murdering a soldier.

But the judgment that Banica handed down to Carlos was simply that he continue cooking in the mansion like always. He was spared punishment under the condition that he never go outside the mansion.

“Ingredients are a dime a dozen, but it’s hard to find a cook who can prepare them well,” she’d shared regarding the reasons for her decision.

Was that her opinion, or was it a result of her feelings towards Carlos?–For his part, Carlos wanted to believe that it was the latter.

The Pale Men’s numbers continued to increase. It seemed that Banica and those twins had the power to turn people who died into Pale Men. Adding that up with what the thief had told him, perhaps it had some relation to that wineglass.

Sooner or later, Empress Juno would deploy a military unit to this land.

Once she did it would be a civil war. Banica would eventually be executed as a traitor.

Or, perhaps the Pale Men she and the twins commanded would be successful.

–Either outcome was horrible.

He couldn’t flee outside. Perhaps he could had found some means of egress if he were able to seek aid from AB-CIR, but that method didn’t occur to Carlos.
