Again Carlos was making supper for Banica that day.

It had been said that lighter things were better, so he’d decided on potage.

Though it was potage in name only–he wasn’t using the usual vegetables in it and it was a tragedy to look upon.

…Soup huh?

Carlos remembered the day that he’d taken dinner with Banica for the first time.

“Jakoku Sauce”…That sure had been a revelation. That was the moment that completely changed how I thought about flavor.

Thinking about it now, Carlos supposed that incident had been the impetus for him to learn about cooking.

The girl of back then was no more.

She had changed.

What…What about me?

Certainly, his face had changed, due to AB-CIR’s magic.

But in his heart…He didn’t feel as though anything had changed about his basic personality.

–Although it felt like that was the one thing he needed to change the most.

I…I’ve always been just running or shrinking from something.

He’d run away from his accomplished brothers. He’d shrunk from the authority of adults. He’d run away from his studies. He’d run away from his training in swordsmanship. He had even run away from the responsibility of being from a royal family.

And now, he had just been thinking about how he might be able to run away from the insane woman he loved.

Truthfully, it wasn’t that he couldn’t think of a path he could take outside of running from her.

It was just that he didn’t have the courage to carry it through.

“…Maybe now is the time to change.”

–If he did go through with it, Carlos would come to be burdened with a terrible sin.

But he braced himself to take on that responsibility.

“…–Cough–”

Another spasm. He’d thought they’d gotten better when he became an adult, but lately they’d been coming back.

Carlos took out two small bottles. The amount of medicine within them had begun to grow scarce. It was a secret medicine that was only passed down in the Marlon royal family, so he doubted even someone like Banica would be able to get her hands on it.

Carlos motionlessly fixed his eyes on the golden powder inside the small bottle.
