“Banica, I’ve brought supper.”

Carlos knocked on the door to Banica’s bedroom, and after a moment it opened.

“Come in…Oh? Why are there two servings?”

It seemed Banica found the fact that there were two dishes resting on the platter that Carlos carried to be strange.

“I thought I might eat with you today, while we had the chance. May I?“

“Sure. I think it’s much more fun to eat with someone else than to eat alone.”

A muddied brown potage lay on top of the dishes.

“Well then, let’s dig in.”

Banica scooped out some potage from the dish on the table, and took a single mouthful.

After seeing that she had, Carlos took a little of his own soup.

“…This is delicious, but it tastes a little different than what I was expecting.”

“That’s because today’s soup has a very special secret ingredient put in.”

Carlos took out a small bottle from his breast pocket.

“And that is…?”

"This is a reserve medicine that I carry around with me all the time. –Though, I never drink this golden powder by itself.”

Carlos took out another bottle. Inside was blue liquid.

“This is the ink that Ziz Tiama give off. This has no benefit on its own. But when it’s mixed with this golden powder, it negates the lethal toxicity that the powder has as a side-effect and becomes a medicine that can cure every ailment.“

"Lethal…tox…icity.”

Suddenly Banica’s eyes grew blank, and she pitched forward to fall prostrate on the table.

“…Looks like it’s taken effect.”

“You…put the powder…alone…into the soup?”

Banica looked up at Carlos, her body wracked with small tremors.

“It was a gamble. I know that you have a resistance to poison. So I imagine a normal one wouldn’t have an impact on you…But I remembered. A legend…about this powder…that I heard from my father long ago…”

Carlos’ voice as he spoke quickly became faltering and slow.

“-Cough-” He hacked up blood, and collapsed there just as Banica had.

“Carlos…You also…ate the powder like I did?”

“I had…no intention of…making you die alone.” Carlos’s face grew pale. “Banica…let’s…fall down to hell together…”

“…You’re a really stupid man.”

Banica abruptly stood up.

Her blank eyes had regained their sparkle, and her tremors had ceased.

“Wh…at…!?”

"I went a little numb, but I can’t be killed with this meager amount of poison. It was no more stimulating than a spice for me.”

“I see…I guess I lost the gamble.”

Carlos’ eyes grew unfocused, and diffused like the ocean. He could no longer see anything, his vision enfolded by darkness.

Even so, he could still hear Banica’s voice.

“Carlos, I’m going to ask you once more. Why did you go as far as put the poison in your own soup?”

“I…di…dn’t…want…to run away.”

He must never drink the golden powder on its own–his father had lectured him on that severely.

It’s not ordinarily something that a child should have, and it’s only because your illness will never get better otherwise that you’re being allowed to drink it–his father’s old words resounded through Carlos’ mind.

I’ve broken my promise…I’m sorry for being a bad son…Father…

He was no longer able to form words.

But his ears alone had yet to lose their functionality.

He heard a voice.

“You didn’t want to run away? …You’re wrong.”

The voice sounded somewhat gloomy to Carlos.

“You’ve…run away again…Leaving me.”

And then in the end, he finally stopped hearing anything at all.
