The next night.

Banica sat in a chair at her dining table alone.

“Thank you for waiting!”

“It’s all dooone!”

Together, Arte and Pollo brought out a meal that was sitting atop an enormous platter.

As their cook had died again, today Arte carried out the preparations for the meal, for the first time in a long while. Her maid-special-made dinner was set before Banica with a great deal of leaden noise.

It was a meat dish, made using the “animal” in its entirety. Fillet, roast, ribs, shanks, neck, tongue, and every internal organ–all of it was present.

“I’ve set it up without removing any of the body hair. Was that alright?”

Banica wordlessly nodded at Arte’s question, gazing at the dish before her and licking her lips.

“It looks delicious…”

First, Banica took the left arm still on the bone from the plate and began to gnaw on it from the side.

“Ah, so delicious…These slender arms…These dear arms that held me so tightly.”

Next she picked up her fork and speared an eyeball, bringing it to her mouth.

“This is wonderful too…These blue eyes…These dear eyes that gazed so directly at me.”

With an expression of ecstasy resting on her face, one by one she ate up the legs, fingers, hair, and lips.

She began to shed tears, perhaps moved by how delicious it all was.

Banica steadily continued her meal as she cried.

Watching her, Pollo said with a sigh, “But, are you sure you liked it? It’s not a ‘dead soldier’ like usual.”

While chewing the meat in her mouth, Banica replied thusly:

“I want to eat up all that there is! This was a chance to be able to eat someone I love–and that doesn’t come often, does it?”

–Another small digression.

The “golden powder” that Carlos had was said to be in actuality something shaved from a treasure, the “golden key”, that was passed down through the Marlon family.

Its composition isn’t certain, but as there was no mistaking that it was made of metal, it was only natural that it would be poisonous to drink by itself.

I myself am much more intrigued by the Ziz Tiama ink that could cancel out its toxicity.

The “golden key” was passed down among the Marlons as a weapon that could defeat demons. Actually, there are records that claim that a Marlon ancestor, Karchess Crim, used the key to kill Duke Venomania during the “Venomania Event”.

Carlos had probably recalled that story himself.

However, the amount of powder wasn’t enough to kill Banica Conchita–that was why it went wrong.

.

“You’re so cute I could gobble you up” are words often spoken by smooth-talking men and doting parents, but there aren’t many who would actually carry it out.

Cannibalism is a significant crime by our current laws, you see.

–The meat you were eating earlier?

Are you still hung up on that?

You’ve already eaten it all up, so maybe you shouldn’t be nitpicking so much–
