Eater landed at a point a little removed from where Ma was.

Once there Allen got down alone, and the skeleton giant flew up once more.

…Ma’s target was likely to be Nemesis. The last “Deadly Sin contractor”…So they couldn’t afford to let her get close to Ma.

Nemesis would perform certain “preparations” elsewhere. Allen had himself taken on the role of distracting Ma until those were complete.

The black vortex immediately swirled around Allen, but still at this point it didn’t appear to cause any particular harm.

He started to walk towards the origin point of the vortex.

In the very center of the forest. The place where “Evils Theater” had stood before the world was destroyed.

She was simply standing there doing nothing, not even taking any interest in the frozen soldiers.

The girl holding a doll—the “Clockworker’s Doll”.

Allen knew by now that though she was Riliane in appearance, at heart she was a different person altogether.

“Hey there, good day.” Allen gave her a light greeting as he approached, as though she were a friend. “Nice to meet you…Ma.”

She turned towards Allen in response. “…If it isn’t Allen Avadonia. Where did Nemesis go?”

“Who knows? I wonder where she’s gone.”

Allen tilted his head to the side in an affected manner.

“…If you have no intention of telling me her location, then I have no use for you. Leave at once.”

“What will you do when you meet her? It can’t be that you want to have a talk as mother and child?”

“…Which is your goal? To save your sister, or to destroy me?”

“…”

“You’ve figured it out at least a little, haven’t you? What will happen to the world once I take in Nemesis.”

“I…studied all of the world while inside the ‘Blackbox’ in heaven. And what I could glean from that process…was that all of the events of this world occur within the scope of the ‘rules’ that the gods laid down. And that the gods noticed there were those outside of them—the ‘Irregulars’. …At the same time, they were extremely cautious of these people.”

Ma appeared to take interest in what Allen was saying. “How fascinating. For many years I visited places all around the world. I found many old ruins, and items of supernaturally advanced technology within them. But I have never gone to heaven.”

“Why are the gods afraid of ‘Irregulars’? I think—it’s because when a being that doesn’t exist is made to exist, it makes the rules into a contradiction. …But then another question comes up there. –That is, why must the rules not be contradicted?”
“…Go on.”

“You can arrive at that answer when pondering the other issue of what it is that the gods are most afraid of. Naturally, I am not a god myself, and so it’s a little difficult to make a perfect theory on that…So let’s swap out ‘god’ for ‘king’. In order for a king to remain so, he needs to have a country he can govern. Without it, he won’t be a king anymore.”

“And in the same vein, the moment the world is no more, the gods will no longer be gods…That’s what you’re saying.”

“Exactly. Putting this all together—you get the conclusion that the reason why the gods are afraid of Irregulars is because they have the power to erase the world.”

“So…That is why you, an ‘Irregular’ yourself, had your soul sealed inside the ‘Blackbox’ in heaven by god.”

Allen was surprised that Ma had known about that. “You knew that much?”

“The ‘Blackbox’ that you were likely to have been in must have had an ‘Akashic Record’ in it. I…found something similar in the ‘graveyard’. It wasn’t all that difficult. I do have Levia’s memories, after all.”

“I…didn’t realize there was a ‘Blackbox’ in the ‘graveyard’ as well.”
“It was a ‘Type B’—something that Behemo made and then left there. …But there is still something I don’t quite understand from your story just now. If the gods regard ‘Irregulars’ as being dangerous—then why was Riliane left alone?”

“I didn’t know that myself…But Adam and Eve were in the theater. And when I saw them, the answer became a little clearer to me.”

“…Gallerian did say that those twins were also ‘Irregulars’…”

“This is pure speculation, but perhaps erasure via ‘Irregulars’ is something that is conditional on the twins being together. Once they are, they invoke it via taking a certain action. That’s—a ‘Re_Birthday’, I think. …But what Adam put into motion was incomplete.”

Allen looked up at the ‘Blackbox’ floating in the sky.

The “black box” was still continuing its tremors.

“So I’m sure that it will only ‘format’ those who are already inside it.”

“Gammon’s goal…was to erase the world, then?”

“No, rather, it looked to me like he was trying to save it. Perhaps he was trying to revive the world again by controlling Adam and Eve’s power. …There’s no way to know the truth at this point.”

“…”

“Let’s get back on topic. I think that…you are also an ‘Irregular’ yourself. But unlike the others, you were not born as part of a set of twins.”
“Unlike you…I never even had any beings I could call my mother or father,” Ma muttered, her face looking somewhat lonely.

“So you would need another being to set up a ‘Re_Birthday’. And that might be the seven ‘Deadly Sin contractors’. It is by absorbing them that you hope to be able to completely erase the world—”

“–You’re wrong.”

“…Huh!?”

Ma’s expression abruptly grew harsh, and she gathered lightning in her hand. “You are different from me after all. Though you may be an ‘Irregular’ like I am…You have parents and a sister. You have people who can prove that you exist. You—could never understand my suffering!”

Allen swiftly blocked the lighting she fired at him with his sword.

His illusory blade melted in an instant, and he discarded it, summoning up a new one.

“Ma…Just stop this now. There’s no meaning in what you’re trying to do—”

“My wish is not to erase the world. That is…merely an incidental side-effect. I—must prove my existence. That in itself is the destiny of us ‘Irregulars’…And yet you seem to have forgotten that fact. You aspire to know everything of this world, and yet you know absolutely nothing about yourself.”

“…It’s the same for you, isn’t it? Even if you can prove that you exist, if the world is gone then—there’ll be no one to tell it to.”

The flow of the black vortex changed, its color starting to darken at the area around Allen.

And yet it still had no impact on him. Perhaps this vortex was something that could not manifest its influence as long as Ma had yet to completely become a “pure being”…Or so he guessed.

“Allen…How many worlds can you see? For me they are—infinite. There is not just one world. I can tell that there are many different worlds, in other dimensions from this one. Even if this world is erased…I will be able to tell my ‘story’ in a different world.”

“I guess I don’t have the range of sight that you do, unfortunately. I…can only protect that which I can see around me.”

Allen readied his sword.

He raised it level with his face, and then held it towards his opponent straight out—the “bull stance” that Leonhart, his adoptive father, had taught him.

Upon seeing that, Ma gave a thin smile.

“Putting on airs as some messenger of justice? …That’s fine. I don’t mind being ‘evil’. I will prove my existence—even if that makes me a ‘pure evil’ that can erase the world.”

“…”

“Feel free to come at me, if you intend to stop me. But…Riliane and I are currently of one body. If you destroy me, then she too will—”

“…I know. I know that already.”

Once, Allen had thought little of making the whole world his enemy, if it meant protecting his sister.

…Yes, Ma did resemble his old self—He could feel that, very deeply.

This figure, not caring what else happened as long as it was for their goals.

No ethics or rules could sway them from their determination. Though there might be some who would call that “selfish”…What meaning was there in throwing yourself away and merely living?

We…are not the “dolls” of gods. We are “humans”, who have our own will.

As he faced off against Ma—

Allen recalled his old self.
