The sound of the church’s bell ringing to bless the twins’ birth.

That was the first memory that Allen—No, Alexiel Lucifen d’Autriche—recalled.

He couldn’t even be entirely sure of what was before his eyes, with his blurry vision.

Merely that he held out his hand in a daze, and grasped something.

It was five infant fingers. Someone’s hand, just like the one that he had.

The very warm hand of someone who was right next to him.
He thought to himself, as he felt that warmth.

That—he was born to protect that warm someone.

.

When he was four, he left the palace with his father for the first time.

That was also the first time he met Leonhart, accompanying them as a bodyguard.

Alexiel gazed upon the various unique items in the marketplace in a daze.

His eyes rested on one among them—an article that sat on the shelf of a shop run by a hooded old woman.

“That’s…so cool!”

All of the items for this shop were wooden dolls set inside small glass bottles.

The one Alexiel was keen on was designed to look like a knight with a sword and shield.

“Did you make this, ma’am?”

“Yes, of course. This old granny might not look it, but I’m quite good with my hands…Heeheehee.”

He could see there was a red-haired cat lying down napping further in the shop.

“Is that your cat, ma’am?”

“Yes…but that’s not for sale. If you’d like to buy something, pick from the shelf please.”

His father approached, and said to Alexiel, “If you want something, I’ll buy it for you.”

“Really? Then—”

Alexiel pointed to the knight doll, but then he saw something next to it and hesitated.

It was a princess doll, wearing a beautiful dress—

The face of his twin sister waiting in the castle came to mind.

Riliane…would surely be taken with this one.

He turned around and asked his father, “Can we get two?”

“No. You must pick one. Your mother will scold me if we spend too much money.”

“Hmm…”

There, Leonhart chose to step in. “Hey now, the king of a country shouldn’t be such a miser, Arth. Forget one or two–you could buy everything in this shop.”

“We’re in times of war right now. I may be the king but I need to keep a lid on any wasteful spending.”

“But they’re kid’s toys, aren’t they? Surely they don’t cost that much.”

“It also wouldn’t be good to spoil Alexiel. He’ll inherit this country one day, and he needs to learn the importance of making decisions.”

“…Sigh~. So this is your idea of royal studies, huh? That’s a bit harsh on a four year old.”

As he listened to the two of them debate, Alexiel could grasp in his very young mind that his father wasn’t likely to turn on his idea.
Only pick one…

After some contemplation—he picked up the bottle with the princess doll inside.

“That’s the one you want?” his father asked him.

“…Uh huh.”

His father paid for it and the old woman grinned and said, “Thank you for your patronage. Heeheehee.”

–On the way back to the palace, his father once again asked him inside the carriage, “You’re really satisfied with that one?”

“Uh huh.”

“Didn’t you really want the knight doll?”

“…”

“…Are you going to give it to Riliane?”

“…Uh huh.”

“You’re always thinking of your sister, Alexiel.”

“I’m—fine with it too.”

“…?

“I’ll give Riliane the doll…And keep this for me.” Alexiel took out the doll and displayed the now empty bottle to his father. “It’s really pretty how this bottle shines when it catches the light.”
“I see…Hahahah.” Arth made a booming laugh. “You made the choice where both you and your sister get something…Touché.”

Father and son, laughing together—

Leonhart watched them with an amused sideways glance from the opposite seat.

.

When he was six, his father died from illness.

At the end of a dispute over who would succeed him, Alexiel requested to leave the palace of his own accord.

Without him there, there would be no more needless quarrels.

Riliane would not get hurt.

–He became Leonhart’s adoptive son, and his name was changed to “Allen”.

.

When he was twelve, Allen’s mother visited.

His mother, who he had not seen in so long, looked a bit haggard to him.

There were many things he wanted to tell her, and many things he wanted to ask, but he couldn’t bring himself to speak up.

His mother embraced him—and then said this:
“…I love you, Alexiel.”

I love you too, mother—but he was too embarrassed to say it.

And then they parted, and she gave him a stern look.

“You take care of her…take care of Riliane.”

As she spoke, his mother’s face looked grim somehow.

Of course—though he didn’t actually speak it, Allen wordlessly nodded.

.

One year later, his mother passed away—and Allen came to work as a servant of the palace, hiding his true identity.

.

When he was fourteen, a revolution broke out in the country.

Allen became a body double for his sister, and was executed as “the princess of Lucifenia, Riliane”.

He had no regrets.

To protect Riliane—that in itself was his reason for existing.

Sacrificing himself had been both to protect her, and to prove his own existence.

.

–When he came to, he was inside a box.

Allen’s soul had been shut up in a “Blackbox” by the sun god Sickle.

Was this punishment?
Or was it salvation?

He didn’t know.

But his life in the box was certainly not a painful one.

He might not have had freedom, but he gained a lot of “knowledge” there.

The history of the world, the truth—

Using the “Akashic Record”, he studied all of it.

.

As he learned everything there was to know of the world, Allen began to feel conflict in his heart.

–Was what he did the right thing?

–Was it truly his own will?

–Had he not been brainwashed into it by being raised as the son of royalty?

–Had he not been cursed by his mother’s final words to him?

–Was there even any worth in protecting Riliane?

–Wouldn’t it have been better if he’d become king?

.

He’d had various doubts.

No matter how he tried to push them away, they would resurge on him like the tide.

–If only I had done that back then.
–If only, back then.

–If only.

–If only.

.

Endless “if only”s.

Every choice. Every possibility.

Which of them was the right one?

.

–He wanted to see Riliane one more time.

That was what he had come to think.

He felt as though he would find the answer then.
