–After the world was destroyed, Sickle had released Allen and sent him down to the ground world.

He would entrust the direction the world took to Allen…Sickle hadn’t said that outright.

But Allen could somehow feel that was his intention.

He didn’t really mind that in itself. And it didn’t feel bad to have a god expecting good things of you.
But Allen had no desire to become a god’s puppet.

He wanted to make the decision on his own. …Even if that wasn’t what the gods wanted.

.

Allen was pushed to that decision before Ma, who had possessed the soul of Riliane.

Protect his sister? Or protect the world?

“What’s wrong, Allen? If you intend to do nothing…Then I will get going. I must search for Nemesis—my daughter.”

How shameless—so Allen thought.

It was obvious that she had no parental feelings at all towards Nemesis. And yet she had gone out of her way to call her “daughter”.

If only Ma had bothered to say that to Nemesis herself even so much as once…maybe the world wouldn’t have ended up being destroyed.

–If only.

–If only.

…Ma can think only of fulfilling her own wish. For that purpose she’s even willing to become “evil”.

However.

I myself am the same.
Whether they’re an “Irregular” or not—all people are greedy.

There is no perfectly innocent person.

Everyone holds “evil” in their hearts.

–If only.

–If only.

There is no right decision. No matter what I decide I will end up having regrets.

So.

I, with this greedy “evil” in me.

.

Will pick both.

Riliane and the world.

I will—obtain both.
