A place where people wouldn’t be watching us…This was the only place that immediately came to mind.

The tailor shop where Kayo-san and I had lived this entire time.

“This is Kayo-san’s tailor shop, isn’t it!”

Bufuko looked around the interior with deep interest.

“Did you know Kayo-san?”

“Yeah. I took care of her for a time while she stayed at the Okuto household.”

“Is that right…Well, you said you had something to talk about—”

Bufuko rapidly brought her face close to mine.

“Wh…? Huh!?”

My heart started to pound.

“—Alright, here you go.”

Bufuko passed something to me, and then retreated.

“This is—”
Two pairs of scissors that were familiar to me.

“Kayo-san’s scissors…How do you have them?”

I was certain they had been confiscated by the magistrate’s office when Kayo-san had been arrested.

“I figured that you should have them…so I stole them,” Bufuko declared calmly.

“Stole them…Someone like you was able to slip by the magistrate’s guards?”

“Hahaha…”

Bufuko laughed charmingly. It seemed she had no intention of filling me in on the details of her theft.

“Thank you—But I really can’t accept these.”

I placed the scissors on the tatami mat.

“Why can’t you?”

“These were Kayo-san’s favorite scissors…And they’re also the weapons she used to kill people. There’s no way I can keep something like that.”

“But that puts me in a bit of a bind…It’s not like I can go return them to the magistrate’s office.”

“…Then let’s just leave them here. At this tailor shop that’s full of memories of Kayo-san.”

“—That sounds like a fine idea, if you say so.”

I turned to the exit.

“If that’s all you wanted to say, then I’ll be going—”
“—No. There’s one more thing.”

“…? What is it?”

“…”

“Uh, Bufuko-san?”

She was continuing to stare at my face fixedly, completely silent.

“…So, you still can’t remember.”

There seemed to be a sudden shift in her tone.

“What are you talking about?”

“I guess the influence of Rahab’s spell is much stronger than I’d realized.”

“Rahab?”

“—The true name of the one that you call the ‘mermaid’. That is Rahab. When I had you reborn into the world, she got in the way using a spell. The result of that…was that you had completely forgotten your goal and the memories of your past life. What was more, she deceived you so that you would not recall your true goal, by giving you false advice.”

I had no idea what all this meant.

How would a mere maid know all this to begin with?

“To restore your memories to you—I guess I’ll have to borrow this thing’s power after all.”

As she spoke, Bufuko pulled out something that looked like a key from inside her maid uniform.

“And that is?”
“One of the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’, Grim the End. It’s a tool that can weaken the power of the ‘Demons of Deadly Sin’, and also kill them.”

As she spoke, Bufuko took the key and suddenly—stabbed it into my forehead.

“–!?”

But it didn’t hurt. There was no blood.

Rather—it actually felt pleasant.

“…”

Ah, I see.

So that’s how it was.

“That should do it.”

She—he pulled the key from my head.

“…Why?”

“…? What?”

“Why are you here? –Behemo,” I asked first.

One of the twin gods; Behemo.

A being who had once tried to destroy the world alongside his sister.

The man who had been released two hundred and thirty years earlier and returned to the “Heavenly Yard”, after which time he’d had nothing to do with the ground world.

Why would he of all people be down here—
“Listen, you see. You told me you wanted to see your sister, so I had you reborn to grant that request, didn’t I? But the ‘Master of the Heavenly Yard’ found out, and I got reamed out for it. I was thrown down here, sorta like a ‘Bring him back at once!’ kinda deal.”

“Then why didn’t you come to see me immediately?”

“I’m under no obligation to listen to the ‘Master of the Heavenly Yard’. I figured I’d leave you be until you failed to meet with Riliane, at the very least.”

“…So the fact that you’re here now means—”

“Miroku Kai’s daughter, Rin. She…was Riliane’s reincarnation. You were unable to have your reunion with her this time.”

“…I see.”

“As for me, I’ve been having fun ‘playing human’ for this brief time. –I got to meet someone so interesting as Kayo-san, after all.”

“–! You did something to Kayo-san—”

I drew closer to Behemo.

“Don’t misunderstand. I haven’t done anything to her. She decided and carried out everything on her own. …Only, something a little unexpected occurred.”

“What was ‘unexpected’?”

“By all rights she was supposed to have really carried out her crimes while under the delusion that Kai was her husband, just as she testified during her trial. But thanks to Elluka—‘Ma’—swapping bodies with Kayo, the flow of things changed.”
“…”

“Kayo-san obtained the ability to have ‘purple dreams’—dreams that could predict the future. Through that she learned of the event she would cause, and that Kai was the one who had killed her own family.”

And so Kayo-san’s purpose changed from “envy” to “revenge”—

Or perhaps it had been done out of “envy”. That Kai who had murdered her family was living happily surrounded by one of his own—

Behemo continued talking.

“In other words, because of this there were birthed two timelines—one where Kayo-san killed Kai thinking he was her husband, and one where she killed Kai out of revenge for her family. The former was driven away to an alternate world, and the one we’re in now is the latter—that sort of thing. Well, whatever the case the gist of it all remains the same.”

“…What happened to the Kayo-san in the other world?”

“Right before killing Kai, she learned that he was the one who set the fire. By her making this known at her ‘trial’, the magistrate’s office was forced to take action in suppressing the Crimson Robed Masses. Enbizaka was embroiled in the ensuing battle—eventually it sank in a sea of fire.”

Kayo-san had learned that from a “purple dream”.

To avert that future she had kept everything close to her chest, and sought to be executed as a mere madwoman.
Just as Kiji had said, Kayo-san was trying to protect Enbizaka.

“Well then—what do you intend to do now?” Behemo asked me. “Since Rin has died, you have no reason to stay here in the living world. ‘The Master of the Heavenly Yard’ is probably getting impatient with me right about now. If you like, I can take you with me back to the ‘Heavenly Yard’…since that’s why I was dropped down here in the first place.”

“…Can you wait a little while longer?”

“You have some unfinished business?”

“It’s Kayo-san. For some reason she’s stuck in a body that can’t die. I can’t just let her stay like this.”

“—Then you should use this.” Behemo handed me the key from before—Grim the End. “This key is able to freely change shape. You should change it into a katana and use it to cut her head off.”

“…That’s all well and good, but where did you get your hands on this?”

“Pure chance. This was in some of the luggage that had been brought over from the Freezis Trading Firm’s ship one month earlier.”

“That sounds awfully convenient—"

“Grim the End tends to appear as though drawn to places where a ‘Deadly Sin contractor’ is located. I wonder if that means there’s someone here in Onigashima who’s made a contact with a ‘Demon of Deadly Sin’?”
“You can’t mean…that Kayo-san is a ‘Deadly Sin contractor’?”

I guess the only way to kill someone who’s contracted with a “Demon of Deadly Sin” is another “Deadly Sin contractor”—or Grim the End.

Behemo giving this me must have meant—

But Behemo shook his head.

“It’s a little bit different. She’s not someone who contracted with a demon out of her own wish to. If I had to describe it—she was a ‘Deadly Sin contractor’ from birth.”

“…?”

“This was also Rahab’s doing. Anyway, the point is that in order to kill Kayo-san, you’ll either have to contract with another ‘Demon of Deadly Sin’, or use Grim the End.”

“…”

I steadied my resolve and gripped the golden key in hand.

When I did—

The key gave off light, and then in the next moment changed shape into a katana.

“There’s one thing you should bear in mind.” Behemo said, holding up his index finger. He launched into an explanation for me. “Grim the End is normally one of the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’, and one needs ‘anger’ to make use of its power. There’s no worry of you getting possessed by a demon as there is no demon inside it currently, and as you are a special being there’s no need for ‘anger’ in your case. I’d imagine it’d be impossible for you to have any ‘anger’ towards Kayo-san from the outset. But—while it is an empty shell without the demon inside, to put it another way that means that it’s in an unregulated state. I don’t know what might happen.”

“So basically just, take care when using it.”

“There’s no way to take care with it. I’m telling you to be prepared to accept the consequences whatever happens.”

“Don’t make it sound so scary.”

“Kayo-san’s the one who’s scared right now. She doesn’t even know why she can’t die.”

“…That’s true.”

I firmly gripped the handle of the golden katana once more.
