Searching for a means to execute Kayo-san, the magistrate’s office took my suggestion so readily that it was surprising.

I guess the fact that my friends and I had been a subject of great discussion over our vanquishing evildoers on our way to Onigashima had born fruit after all.

.

Four days later Kayo-san was again made to sit in the center of Enbizaka’s execution site.

I looked down on her from the side, the golden katana in my hands.

–According to my wishes, Kayo-san was sitting there blindfolded.

Quickly.

I’ll smoothly put Kayo-san to sleep.

With that in mind, I raised the katana overhead.

“—Ren, is that you?” she abruptly murmured.

“…”

I didn’t say anything back, but it seems that Kayo-san had somehow realized that I was her executioner.

“Yes, I…suppose I am grateful, it’s better that it’s you. As long as you’re the one who delivers the final blow—”

“Kayo-san—Can I ask just one last thing of you?”

Nothing I could do about being exposed.

I spoke up again, and asked her, “Did you—like Enbizaka?”

“…Yes, I loved it. It had such kind townspeople, it had Oyuka-san, and it had the husband and child that I loved so much. I unbearably love Enbizaka for that.”

“…I see.”

“For that reason, I do feel that I am deeply sorry. For sowing in that Enbizaka the seeds of fear from my selfish feelings. Being decapitated by you this way—that too is my fate I suppose,” she plainly and quietly related to me, without appearing afraid. “—Ren. Can I ask…just one thing of you?”

“…What is it?”

“In the end…I’d be fine with just once. Please—call me ‘mother’.”

“…!”

.

Surely, Kayo-san knew.

That I wasn’t her real son.

Even so, she—

She had asked that of me.

Why?

I didn’t know.

And it wasn’t just that that I didn’t understand.

Whether she was a madwoman, or a saint.

No outsider can ever perfectly understand someone else’s feelings.

What she had been thinking, what sort of feelings she had, as she passed through the days after her family had died.

What feelings she had when she killed.

At the end of the day—

Kayo-san was the only one who knew.

.

I tightened my grip, and stopped the trembling in my arms.

I tried with all my might to hold back what I could feel beginning to overflow from my eyes.

.

“Farewell…Mother…!”

.

I brought the katana down on Kayo’s neck.
