♣ Yukina ~In the Beelzenian Empire, “Rucolebeni/Bar"~

Germaine was in a bar on first avenue. Most of the time
when she wasn’t at the garrison, she was here.

As far as I knew, she was always sitting at the counter
and drinking alone. But today there was another person with her.

Miss Lily?

They were both amicably sitting side by side at the
counter. After calling out to them I joined in myself, Lily and Germaine to my right.
Upon ordering black tea, and being told there wasn’t any by the bartender, I
asked for milk instead.

“Do you two know each other?” I asked.

Lily shook her head, replying, “No, this is the first
time we’ve spoken directly. Although we did face each other in Rollam, during
the revolution.”

“As enemies, right?…”

The battle of Rollam. That was a conflict between the revolutionaries
and Lucifenia’s proper army in one of Lucifenia’s big cities, Rollam.

At first the proper army had the advantage, but due to
the merchants backing the revolutionaries and providing aid in people and equipment at my
father’s instigation, the tides turned. The revolutionary soldiers were able to
seize victory without a hitch…or so I read in some documents.

I knew that Germaine, York, and Minage’s wife Sekka had
participated on the revolution’s side, but I hadn’t known that Lily was on the proper
army’s side.

“I was still a general-in-training back then,” Lily
laughed a little bashfully.

“But for former enemies to be sitting shoulder to
shoulder drinking together like this…It’s like a drama! I have a feeling it’s
going to be dramatic!“

Somewhat intrigued, I pulled out my notebook. It sounded
like I was going to hear an interesting conversation.

"Pretty excited, aren’t you Yukina? And here I am so
let down…To see the former hero in this state,” Lily said, drinking up the
beer in her glass in one swig. She pressed Germaine, with a challenging tone,
“Gracefully drinking a bout without participating in the battle. The red
swordswoman isn’t so distinguished anymore.”

“…There’s still the matter of the dead soldiers.
Someone’s gotta stay behind,” Germaine replied without meeting Lily’s
eyes, with a manner that suggested she didn’t want to bother taking her on.

“Then stop sitting around here and join up with the
guards. That sorceress is doing her part on proper countermeasures isn’t she?
And aren’t you a member of the Langley Unit? Isn’t it weird that you alone are doing something
different?”

“…”

“Don’t make excuses. In the end you’re running away
from the battle. You coward.”

Was she drunk, or just riled up? Lily talked on and on
with her face flushed red.

“…Then why don’t you go in my place?”

“Aah? I’m a refugee from the enemy country. Even
worse, I used to be the commander. Obviously I wouldn’t get permission to. Don’t
compare me to you!”

I had to agree–by all rights Lily should be in a jail
cell right now. Her being able to walk about freely like this was a result of the
gentle emperor taking into account her achievement in defeating the dead
soldiers’ general, and her scary face.

“With all due respect, Miss Lily, Miss Germaine did
fight quite splendidly when the dead soldiers were causing havoc a while ago.”

When I cut in, Lily seemed to calm down somewhat.

"Hugh. Then what the hell? So what, she’s got some
flower child mentality, like she can fight monsters but not people?”

“…I just don’t see any point to this fight.”

Germaine still made no attempt to meet her gaze.

“Point?”

“The revolution was to liberate everyone from a
tyrant. Earlier was to protect everyone
from the dead soldiers. But what is this next battle? To give them a taste of
their own medicine? It’s foolish. Taking revenge can only bring about emptiness
after it’s over…”

Germaine started breathing more heavily.

After a short silence, Lily opened her mouth. “Speaking
from experience, there? I had heard that you joining in the revolution was to
get revenge for your father being killed by the princess…”

“No!”

Germaine hit the desk with her fists, making a loud
noise.

She glared at Lily. My heart pounded, gazing upon the
scene and certain that if this kept up the two of them would be brawling. But
at the same time, a question crossed my mind.

“Uh–excuse me!” Unable to help myself, I piped
up again. “Miss Germaine, your father was one of the ‘Three Heroes’, Sir
Leonhart, wasn’t he?”

Lily responded to my question instead of Germaine, who
remained silent. “Yeah. Leonhart Avadonia. He was Lucifenia’s best
swordsman. Though he was murdered.”

“The culprit still isn’t known, right?”

“Officially. Although well, people who know how
things were internally all unanimously say that the princess ordered it in
secret. Seems the two of them had a stormy relationship.

Germaine continued drinking in silence.

After ordering another beer from the bartender, Lily once
more started talking to Germaine.

"Well, I don’t know your circumstances or what
you’re thinkin’. But when I look at you, all I see is a spoiled brat.”

“…What do you
know?”

“I just said I
didn’t know. But if it wasn’t for revenge, then that means the revolution was
for Lucifenia, yeah? If you decided once before to protect Lucifenia, then you
oughtta stick to that to the end. Yeah, I’m one to talk as an ex-general, but
to be frank Lucifenia’s way more bizarre now than it was when it had a
princess.”

Certainly they did have a woman who could manipulate
monsters commanding their army, and furthermore the king had actually approved
of that–even I knew that wasn’t normal.

As far as I knew, Marlon’s King Kyle was not the sort of
man to sign off on such violence.

“…Your way of thinking is too simple,” Germaine retorted listlessly.

“Simple is good. Your own father said that when he
was alive. Leonhart Avadonia was a straightforward and simple man. That’s why
he was strong.”

“It was his simplicity that got Dad killed.”

I could see her start to clench her fists.

“Maybe so. Then what do you think about him for
that? You think he was an embarrassment?”

“…No, I respect him more than anyone.”

“Then live by the dying wish of the man you respect.
What would he do now, if he was in your shoes? You oughtta take action with
only that in mind.”

I quietly listened to their conversation, secretly jotting
it all down in my notebook.

It was a powerful exchange between two swordswomen. This
was a drama, it was so dramatic!

“I’ve had a bit too much to drink.” Germaine
stood from her chair. “I’m going home. …I’ll do some thinking at the
lodging house.”

“Yeah, you go sober up,” Lily said. Germaine
fixedly gazed at her face.

“Can I ask you one last thing, Lily?”

“Yeah?”

“Your father was Retasan Fortress Commander, and he
died during the revolution.”

After Lily’s expression hardened for a moment, she sipped
the beer she was carrying.

Once she’d set down her glass, she replied, “Ah, he
was old then. I heard he suffered a major defeat by the revolutionary army. He
died from the wounds he’d gotten during it.”

“Do you hate the revolutionaries for that?”

Lily shook her head at Germaine’s question.

“It’s alright. My dad always wanted to die in
battle. I fought against the Langley Unit, but that was just because I wanted
to compete with the reprobates who put a black mark on his record. That’s
all.”

After saying that, she flashed me and Germaine a wide
smile.

“…I see.”

Germaine left the bar.

Three days later, Bruno once again reported to me the war
situation.

In order to break their current stalemate, the Beelzenian
army carried out a night attack by the combined Langley, Baggio, and Catalani units.
By sending false alarms earlier, they sowed discord among the fortress ranks.

Ney raised dead soldiers to defend the fortress, but as
the dead soldiers would attack ally and foe alike it just ended up causing even more havoc.

The fortress forces fled, and the area surrounding Retasan
was almost completely taken over. After that was suppression of the heart of
the city and its town areas; resistance was slight, so in about two or three
days Retasan fell entirely into Beelzenia’s hands.

In addition, there were plans to make an official
commendation of Germaine Avadonia, for having won more in the battle than anyone
during the night attack.
