In time, Platonic ended up going back to receive a new mission from AB-CIR.

After that, she once more headed for the Beelzenian Empire. But this time her destination was not the Conchita territory, but the territory of Lucifenia in the northwest.

The territory of Lucifenia was a land that shared a border with the country of Elphegort to its north, and to its south was the Demilamb territory, the place that had led to Platonic’s wanted poster being spread around. It was right there upon crossing the Hark Sea from Marlon by boat.

A forest could be seen almost immediately to the north from a port town on the coast. It was called the “Forest of Held”, and it was an enormous woodland that surpassed the northern border of the Lucifenia territory, even stretching into the south of Elphegort.

However, Platonic’s goal wasn’t that place either. She did not enter the forest, but rather switched to a highway to the east, and a little ways on from there arrived at a town called “Lucifenian”. It was the largest town in the Lucifenia territory, and also where the lord of the region, Duke d'Autriche, lived.

Platonic’s target must have been somewhere in that town.

“Well then. First I guess I’ll head for the ‘Association’.”

Heading east even further along the Orgo river that flowed to Lucifenia’s south, she eventually slipped out of Lucifenian and this time made it to a small town called “Rolled”. Unlike Lucifenian, where many nobles lived, most of the people who lived here were merchants, and so many shops were lined up along the main road that ran through the town.

The “Association” in the Lucifenia territory was based in a barn on the outskirts of town, and it seemed that their branch leader “Bruno” publicly went by the name of Lionel Corpa, and worked as a merchant.

“As I recall, the 'Twin Swords of Levianta’ were stored in the great Levin church of Lucifenian. Until recently, that is.”

Compared to the “Bruno” of the Conchita territory he was much calmer, and spoke with a gentle-mannered tone.

“Until recently, huh? Then do you mean they aren’t there now?”

“Yep. I’ve heard that the abbe handed them away to a sorceress who visited the church. Though I’m not sure what details led to that happening.”

So it seemed she was a step too late. Platonic clucked her tongue for a moment, but she quickly rethought the issue–maybe it just depended on how she was looking at things. Perhaps she’d have an easier time of stealing from that sorceress than sneaking into a great church filled with believers.

Though of course, she couldn’t be optimistic as long as she didn’t know this sorceress’ power, or the existence of any apprentices following her.

“What’s that sorceress’ name?”

“I think it was 'Elluka Clockworker’. A woman.”

She’d never heard that name before.

A profession like “sorceress” was itself fairly unique, and her like rarely ever made actions publicly. And in her line of work Platonic knew well that most people who bore the title of “sorcerer” or “sorceress” were merely charlatans.

To the extent that she knew, the only person she’d call a true sorcerer would be AB-CIR.

“And do you know where this 'Elluka’ is now?”

“Of course. Fortunately for you, she’s currently staying in the town of Rolled. Room 404 of an inn on block 36. You can check the layout with this map.”

So saying, Bruno handed Platonic a sheet of parchment.

“Thank you. You’re quite efficient.”

“That’s our job, after all.”

“You must be that much of a success in your public trade too.”

“I would hope so. I certainly don’t hate my 'association’ work, but it’s a little painful to have things I need to keep hidden from my family.”

After thanking him again, Platonic left the barn and headed straight for the inn on foot.

.

Compared to infiltrating a noble’s estate, sneaking into a compact little place like an inn with no real need to investigate into it was extremely easy for Platonic.

The problem was, the small nature of the place itself made it complicated for her to steal her objective without being caught by the owner. This time, the “Twin Swords of Levianta” that Platonic was trying to steal were, naturally, in the same room as Elluka herself.

If AB-CIR was after them, then the “Twin Swords of Levianta” probably had some substantial value to them. In that case, it was hard to think that Elluka would leave them in her room whenever she went outside. It would be difficult to take the swords from Elluka by force for a variety of reasons, and Platonic had no wish to on a matter of her personal aesthetic as well.

In that case then, the most suitable method available to her was to creep into Elluka’s room in the dead of night when she was sleeping, steal only the twin blades, and then quickly escape; the most orthodox means for a burglar to use–and now, having safely carried out her trespass into the room, Platonic was looking down upon the face of the sorceress sleeping soundly in her bed.

She wasn’t likely to wake up from a few small noises. Platonic had handed over a sum of gold to the inn owner beforehand, and had a sleeping drug put into the tea that Elluka drank.

The objects she was after had been put carelessly right next to the bed. The twin swords were in hilts that gleamed silver, and just by looks alone she could tell that they must have some monetary value.

“Well then, I’ll be borrowing theeese♪” Platonic whispered quietly, and reached for the twin swords.

But at that moment, Elluka, who should have been asleep, quickly reached out her hand and seized Platonic’s right arm.

“I can’t allow that, Miss Phantom Thief Platonic.”

“Wh–!! …How!?”

Her “How!?” had two things she was referring to.

How was Elluka awake?

And how did she know Platonic’s name?

In contrast to Platonic’s alarm, Elluka answered her question with a relaxed smile on her face. “I have a little bit of prophetic power, you see. Though it’s unstable, and I can’t activate it at will. But this time it served its purpose. That you came here, and that you would have a sleeping draught put in my tea, I knew all beforehand.”

“P-prophetic power!? That’s cheating! That’s against the rules!”

“Maybe you ought not to cause a fuss, hm? It would be most inconvenient for you if someone else were to wake up.”

“Ugh…” Just as Elluka warned, Platonic lowered her voice. “Good grief, this is the worst…It’s been nothing but screw-ups lately.”

“I could just take you to the lord of this region right now…But depending on your behavior I could help you too.”

Elluka gazed right into Platonic’s eyes, while gripping her right arm. She was smiling, but her eyes were stone serious.

“You adorable phantom thief. I’d like to check one thing first. Where were you born?”

“What are you trying to achieve by asking that?”

“It’s very important to me to know. So hurry up and tell me.” Elluka’s tone changed to hold just a bit of anger in it.

“…Elphegort. Merrigod Plateau in Elphegort.”

“I see…Have you ever heard the name 'Mikulia’?”

“I think I have someone with that name in my ancestry, if I’m remembering right.”

“Got it…Okay. Seems like you have no relation to the 'original sinner’, then.” Elluka once more returned to her calm manner of speech, and the tension in her shoulders relaxed just a bit.

“The 'original sinner’? What’s that?”

“That’s none of your business…Next question. Who had you come here to steal the 'Twin Swords of Levianta’?”

“…No one in particular. I just heard that something valuable was just lying around in this inn and thought I’d take it.”

To just blurt out the name of your client was an unworthy act for a burglar. No matter what kind of torture she received, Platonic had no intention of giving up AB-CIR’s name.

“Leaving aside whether or not I can simply trust what you’re saying…One way or the other, Platonic, your judgment has missed the mark. These 'Twin Swords of Levianta’ are fake. Even the silver-looking hilts are no more than polished lead. Even if you sold them it wouldn’t even be enough to pay my inn fare for three days.”

“Y-you lie! You think I’ll be taken in by such–”

“I have no reason to lie to you with things the way they are. Come to think of it didn’t you get your face seen on the estate of Duke Demilamb, and have a wanted poster passed around? Have you no skill as a thief?”

“Uuuugh…”

Unable to come up with a rebuttal, Platonic could only start to wail, teary-eyed.

“If so, maybe you should get a new job–Oh ho ho, that’s right…how about this?”

Elluka gazed at Platonic with eyes that seemed to scheming something.
