One year after that, Platonic and Elluka were now before Empress Juno.

Platonic had both of her hands bound by rope, but Elluka was leisurely standing there, with no restraints at all.

“–Well then, shall I have you answer something for me first?” Juno asked the black-robed sorceress after clearing her throat. “Elluka Clockworker. Why are you with Platonic?”

“Oh, are you displeased?” Elluka swayed her robe, and then lightly pushed out her hand in front of her. There was a smirk on her features, but she didn’t look to be in a good mood. “I’m the one who should be complaining. Being treated like some band of thieves and taken here from Lucifenia without warning.”

“But I did receive a report from my soldiers just a while ago that you were acting alongside Platonic here?”

Hands bound by rope, Platonic looked in the opposite direction with no expression on her face. It seemed she felt it had nothing to do with her.

“Miss thief here was just serving as my maid. As punishment for sneaking into my abode I was trying to pull a bit of ‘mischief’ with her.”

Elluka looked down on Platonic. Her face was still averted, but she grumbled, a sour expression crossing her features, “Ugh…They were awful days. Do this, do that…Why me?…”

Giving a sidelong glance to Platonic as she muttered to herself, Elluka explained to Juno what had been going on between Platonic and herself.

.

“She tried to steal something of yours, Lady Elluka? But I thought that the Phantom Thief Platonic only targeted nobles?”

In Juno’s words were both an expression of light disbelief and a question directed at Platonic; however, Platonic only hmphed in response, face still looking the other way.

“At any rate, once you had captured her you should have brought her to the lord of the region immediately. Why did you not do that?”

“I had no obligation to.”

“But as long as you are in this country you must abide by its–”

“And there were a few things I was curious about regarding her face…” Elluka said, lightly patting Platonic’s chin.

Platonic’s whole body faintly twitched.

“–Did you sense something wrong with her, perhaps?”

Juno guessed there was a good reason why Elluka had deliberately kept a criminal by her side.

However, the answer she came back with was:

“Oh, no at all. She’s just really cute, isn’t she?”

In short, it seemed that Elluka had chosen her to be her maid simply out of her own preferences.

“…Very well. I didn’t really call you here to charge this Platonic’s crimes, after all.”

Upon hearing those words, for the first time Platonic showed a clear reaction.

“Huh!? You mean this isn’t going to end in me getting executed?”

“Let’s put that aside for now. I had no idea that you would be tagging along with Lady Elluka…but perhaps that’s actually more convenient for us.”

Juno once more turned to face Elluka.

“Lady Elluka. I’m afraid I must once more ask for your help in resolving a problem.”
