The livestock pen in the gardens of the Conchita estate hardly served its purpose nowadays.

Once, when Muzuri had been alive, it had been filled with a great deal of livestock. But they were not to be held in by such a little pen now. They had been let out, and now the entire gardens was their domain.

Even so, the feed trough inside the pen was still being used.

“Come ooon, it’s time for food!” Pollo shouted.

When he did, the livestock walking around the garden all gathered self-importantly before the pen. They were all blind and eyeless, but they could hear Pollo’s voice, and they could smell the scent of feed.

The feed had finely smashed flesh and bone pieces mixed into it.

Acting as the main ingredient for the livestock’s feed today was the peddler Apollinare. There were hardly any people who would even come near the mansion, but Apollinare alone would periodically come to bring rare ingredients over, unafraid of the animals or dead soldiers.

But today, he died. Pollo had killed him by Banica’s orders.

Recently, Banica had grown unsatisfied even with the bizarre foods that Apollinare had been bringing. Banica desired even newer foods, but when she learned that he was unable to bring them to her she had all too quickly had him cut down.

Right now Lady Banica was acting a bit strange–that was what Pollo thought.

Pollo had thought that Banica would use the dead soldiers to invade other territories. But though several months had passed since then, she hadn’t made a move.

Pollo could in some way guess the reason for that.

Banica’s power was weakening, little by little.

The fact that the dead soldiers were beginning to dwindle in number was proof of that. Some of them had started to by degrees return to just corpses. It was the same with the animals.

Her appetite was also starting to go down. She would still eat all there was without leaving anything, but it was clear by her expression she was no longer satisfied by it. It wasn’t the dissatisfaction of not wanting to eat any more, but rather a displeasure with its flavor. In actuality, the amount that she ate had clearly gone down from before.

In contrast to that, it seemed her desire towards “evil food” was growing stronger. Banica was always hunting for ingredients that she’d never tasted before. That frustration was linked to her anger towards Apollinare.

Her slender frame had started to change too. Her arms and legs stayed thin, but her belly was steadily growing larger. It was quite strange, considering she’d been eating less.

Maybe there’s some problem with Arte’s negligent cooking?

Perhaps they should hire on a new cook soon. Banica had started to change shortly after the old one died.

But how will we restock our ingredients now that Apollinare is gone?

If they had all been normal people, there would be enough food in the larder for the three of them to hold out for half a year. But considering how much Banica ate, it would barely last a month.

Should they search for a new peddler? Pollo didn’t quite know about something like that. Everything that was troublesome, either Banica or Arte did.

But Banica’s just been sleeping in her room lately, and Arte–

Just then, a new animal came running towards him from the open backdoor to the mansion.

It was Murara, Arte’s pet. She slipped through a gap in the other livestock and began to eat at the feed trough with the others.

“Oh. Hungry too, Murara? Alright, eat up.”

Normally Murara would only eat that which Arte prepared. But he hadn’t seen her around at all today. Had she gone out to play? But then why wouldn’t she have taken him along? Abandoned, Pollo was secretly resentful.

Without Arte around there was no one who could fix Banica’s and his meals. Watching Murara and the livestock wolfing down their feed, Pollo’s own stomach growled.

I guess I should go consult Lady Banica for now…

Though they had lived together for some time, Pollo had never actually seen Banica cook anything. But she was such a fussy person over “food”, surely she was a master in cooking.

Lady Banica’s home cooking…♪

With only that in his head, Pollo’s mood grew a little lighter again.
