When Pollo arrived at Banica’s room, he knocked. However, there was no reply.

“I’m coming iiiiin.”

It wasn’t locked, and so Pollo entered the room without reservation.

Banica was lying in bed, sleeping. It looked like her belly had gotten even larger than when he’d seen her yesterday.

Somehow, the room smelled of blood. Perhaps that was because it hadn’t been cleaned up much. But, Pollo and Arte both hated cleaning.

While considering how he might go about waking up Banica, Pollo aimlessly looked down, and noticed that a strip of black fabric had fallen to the red carpet.

“This is…”

He recognized it. Pollo thought a moment, then realized what it was.

–It was the ribbon Arte wore on her head.

It was her favorite, and so she always, always wore it.

Why was it lying around in Banica’s room? Pollo didn’t know.

“Hn…Oh, Pollo. You’re here.”

Banica opened her eyes, looking at Pollo while rubbing her eyelids and sitting up.

“Hey, Lady Banica. I’m hungry.”

“…Yeah. I am too,” she said.

For some reason Banica’s lips looked redder than normal.

Maybe she’d changed her lipstick. As a man, Pollo didn’t understand.

“But Arte’s not around. Without her there isn’t anyone here who can cook.”

“Then I guess I’ll have to make something today❤”—That was the reply Pollo was hoping for, but what Banica ended up saying was different.

“Then I guess today we’ll eat everything raw.”

“…Well, no, if we don’t properly cook the ingredients then–”

“It’s just as delicious raw—as long as the ingredients are right.“

Banica gazed at Pollo with upturned eyes.

“But…shouldn’t we still just wait for Arte to come back?”

“Arte…Yes, Arte. She was delicious. You two are different from ordinary humans. I thought as much.”

At her words, Pollo grasped everything.

“You’ve eaten Arte? But that’s terrible! Without her there’s no one here who can cook! Ohh, we’re in trouble.”

Pollo drew back his shoulders in astonishment.

“Don’t worry about it. I’m not in trouble.”

“What are we going to do about today’s meal!?”

“Don’t worry, I’m not in trouble.”

Banica continued to stare at Pollo in utter stillness, her tongue just as red as her lips sticking out.

Then her eyes opened wide, and she brought her mouth gradually closer to him.

“Hey, Pollo. What—do you taste like, I wonder?”

.

In his dimming consciousness, this thought came to Pollo.

–Was this room’s carpet always so red?

He didn’t really know.
