The walled city in the northwest section of the Conchita territory, Re Tasan.

The name “Re Tasan” had the meaning of “Vassal State to the Great Tasan Empire”, and the country that bore its name had once existed in that land. The city’s name had its origins in that.

It was said that until the country of Re Tasan was annexed by Beelzenia, this location was used as a fortress. However, it had largely lost its original purpose, and was presently little more than a town surrounded by high walls.

Elluka and Platonic arrived in this town resting on the border between the Beelzenias region and the Conchita territory.

They were there now, in the Conchita territory. From what she’d heard from Juno, Elluka had reasoned that Banica Conchita was possessed by something inhuman, and so she’d thought that they’d face some sort of resistance on the way up there.

However, in truth they’d arrived cleanly without any interference. Perhaps it was a good thing that they’d come by themselves, without any soldiers accompanying them, but thinking on the case of the imperial army soldiers being killed four months back it was unusual that visitors from the Beelzenias region would be accepted into this town under the Conchita territory without reservation.

But any confusion on that point was resolved by meeting with the town mayor and hearing what he had to say.

As a matter of fact, governance of the territory by Conchita had already broken down. It seemed the current state of affairs was that the town mayors received no commands or direction from their regional lord, and so they would each impose their own municipal government on their own.

“This is one of the aforementioned ‘Pale Men’.”

The mayor led Elluka and Platonic to their jail, and showed them the Pale Man locked up in one of its rooms.

“Th-that’s it! It was one of these guys! That’s what I saw at the mansion!” Platonic cried the moment she saw the Pale Man, pointing at it.

Until she’d heard it from Juno, Elluka hadn’t known that Platonic had snuck her way into the Conchita mansion. Though they’d been living together for close to a year, Platonic had hardly told her anything about what she’d done as a burglar, and she still had dodged on telling her the real reason for trying to steal the twin swords of Levianta.

It was just that Elluka wasn’t the kind of person who liked to question other people about their pasts. It was a different matter if it was necessary for her own goals, but if not then forcibly interrogating someone about things they didn’t want to talk about could only put them at odds. It wasn’t like Elluka herself didn’t have a dark past behind her.

The Pale Man did nothing, merely standing in the cell in a stupor.

“We went to great pains to capture it alive. Fortunately this Pale Man was relatively tamer than the others, and so we were able to subdue it with only three soldiers receiving serious wounds, but–”

While listening to the mayor’s explanation, without warning Elluka drew close to the iron bars.

“I see…A 'dead soldier’, huh? Mayor, can you open this up for me?”

Elluka pointed to the locked iron cell door.

“N-no you can’t! Like I said, this one is extremely dangerous–”

“Just open it up.”

Pressed on by Elluka’s quiet determination, the mayor reluctantly unlocked the cell.

The Pale Man made no immediate move to attack. It only loitered around as though on guard, seeming to have ascertained that the atmosphere around it had changed.

“I hope this works out…”

Elluka put her palm on the Pale Man’s forehead, and whispered something.

Watching behind her, Platonic witnessed the Pale Man’s entire body shine for just a moment.

“UUU…”

Arms dangling languidly, the Pale Man began to softly moan.

“What’s your name? Can you say?”

When Elluka asked her question the Pale Man finally stopped groaning, and then slowly spoke with human words.

“UU…Ron…Ron Grapple…”

“Mr. Grapple. Please tell me. What on earth happened in that mansion? How did you end up like this?”

“I-I…work…at the ma…nsion…ate…the Baemu.”

“The 'Baemu’?”

“The…glass…the…wineglass…inside it…cursed…”

As the Pale Man spoke, he was faintly trembling. After a moment his right arm came off and it fell to the floor, bones and all.

“Lady Banica…the twins…demon. Please…take…wineglass.”

“Is the wineglass the source of everything?”

“Yes…take…wineglass…save…Lady Banica.”

The Pale Man’s left arm also fell to the floor. It seemed to be just barely managing to stand up.

“Got it. I will make sure to retrieve the wineglass. And I’ll find a way to save Banica Conchita too. So…relax, go to sleep.”

“Please…Lady Banica…and the child…”

“'The child’? What child–”

“…UUUOOO!”

The Pale Man’s whole body began to crumble at once.

Once it fell to pieces on the ground, it turned into a mere skeleton.

“…I guess that’s it.”

Elluka adroitly turned and left the cell.

“But I know the source of all that with this now. There’s a 'wineglass’ in that mansion, which drove Conchita mad and has the power to bring forth dead soldiers. This must be what I’m searching for, a–”

“No waaay, you’re really something Miss Elluka!” Platonic suddenly started to give Elluka a forced compliment. “I seee, a cursed wineglass huuuh? What a shock to learn such a fearsome thing was in that mansion.”

“…My, how transparent of you. I’m quite sure you must have known about the wineglass–”

“Nooope! I had no ideeaaa. I just slipped in there looking for something valuable in a noble’s house!”

Though Platonic tried to defend herself with a cheery tone, she looked interminably shifty-eyed.

If the wineglass was the item that Elluka thought it was, then that meant it had the same peculiarities as the real “Twin Swords of Levianta”.

If Platonic was after not just the twin swords but also the wineglass, then that meant that she was fronting for someone else who was looking for the same things that Elluka was–that was what Elluka surmised.

In any case, perhaps she needed to investigate into Platonic a bit more deeply when this situation was put to rights. All the more if this person was going to be getting in Elluka’s way.

“…Very well. At any rate, with this my goal is clear. I shall make preparations, and then march to the Conchita mansion!”

“Kaaay. Good luck with thaaat.”

“…Obviously I’m taking you along, Platonic!”

“Huh!?” In that moment, Platonic’s expression dropped. “N-no way! No way am I ever going back to such an awful place!”

“I don’t know the mansion’s layout! I have no choice but to have you guide me through it!”

“Then I’ll just tell you the layout! Go by yourself ya oldie!”

“'Oldie’!?”

“Uh…crap.”

“…I’m determined. I’ll take you along even if I have to force you. Even if I have to kill you I’ll bring you along. …You have no right to veto, maid.”

Gazing side-eyed at Elluka, giving off an ominous aura, and Platonic, trembling like a rabbit, the mayor nervously jumped at the chance to suggest they go outside for the time being.
