Banica would often look out over the scenery from the mansion she lived in, erected on the top of a hill.

Banica’s room was on the third floor, and from her window she could gaze at the view to the south and the west.

Visible to the west was the town of Gasto. It wasn’t particularly big, and a large highway running north and south through its center. If you went north from that highway, you would reach Rucolebeni in the Beelzenias region. Whenever Banica went to the imperial castle, she would always use that road.

To the south spread fields of Trauben. And established alone by it was a winery. All of that had been made by Banica.

Though she couldn’t see it from her room, the world extended to the north and east as well. There were all manner of buildings there, all manner of people, and also all manner of foods.

Banica had always poured her passions into eating. By eating she learned of animals, learned of plants, learned of people–learned of the world.

She felt that by learning about food, she could unravel the mysteries of the world.

Why was the world born? Why did rain fall? Why did the sun set? Why did people fall in love? …She felt that the answer to all of those lie in food.

People couldn’t live without eating.

No, not just people. Animals and plants, anything that had life sought food.

It was the providence of nature. An instinctual desire.

Each time Banica ate something she was satisfied. Through eating the world had little by little come into her grasp.

That was how things were. At least, Banica had always thought so.

–But right now, there was nothing in her mansion.

There was no food. Banica had eaten it.

There were no livestock. Banica had eaten it.

There were no dead soldiers. Banica had eaten them.

There was no Carlos. Banica had eaten him.

There was no Arte. Banica had eaten her.

There was no Pollo. Banica had eaten him.

Through eating, she had continued to obtain something.

But through eating she had also continued to lose something.

And now she could no longer create new dead soldiers.

Though she had no idea why, Banica had lost the power she’d been endowed with.

No more did red liquid flow from the wineglass. It couldn’t revive corpses anymore.

Even so, she was hungry.

That was because Banica was alive.

She had to eat something. But there wasn’t anything left in the mansion to eat.

If she went to the town at the base of the hill, she would be able to get food. Or she could gather and eat Trauben from the fields.

But that wouldn’t do.

Banica’s hunger wouldn’t be satisfied with any ordinary food.

If it wasn’t something that Banica had never eaten until now—

Then she wouldn’t be satisfied.

–She could hear crying. It wasn’t her.

But she could hear it from somewhere close to where she was.

Banica looked down.

And Banica realized that she was clutching something in her arms with both hands.

The crying was coming from there–from a baby there.

Why was there a baby there, again?

Banica thought. And then she remembered.

.

That’s right. I gave birth to this child.

This is mine and Carlos’ child, isn’t it?

.

Banica had always wanted one.

A child of her own flesh and blood.

Because that—

.

Was something that she had never eaten before.
