Elluka and Platonic had arrived in the town of Gasto.

At that point, the Conchita mansion was right before them.

But at a bar in town, the two women heard some surprising news.

“The dead soldiers–have disappeared?”

The person who explained all this to Elluka was a minstrel named Xenos Jaakko. He was apparently traveling, seeking out interesting events that he could use as the basis for his songs, and as such he’d come over all the way from Levianta in the north upon hearing tell of the lord of the Conchita territory going crazy.

How could this man know of that, despite the fact that Juno must have blocked all reports on the Conchita territory to keep it from leaking?–Elluka had thought it strange at first, but she became much more wrapped up in the information that he had with him.

“Well, you see. I wanted to see those ‘Pale Men’ at least once, so while acknowledging the danger I headed up to get close to the mansion. I figured I would just run away if it got too bad. But–when I actually got there, there wasn’t a soul there, much less a Pale Man! And I’d heard a mountain of the ghastly things were puttering around up there! I didn’t want to head back empty handed, so I got up on the outer wall and looked inside a little. But there was no one there either, and it was dreadfully quiet. So much so that I thought it might be uninhabited. I started to think, maybe I ought to sneak inside, but uh–all the same, it is a mansion belonging to a noble, right? I thought again that maaaaybe it wouldn’t be so great if I got caught breaking in, so I gave up and came back here to town. Ah–I was so disappointed and regretful that I made my feelings into a song, so please, give it a listen, won’t you? The title is 'A Twenty Five Thousand Six Hundred Year and Ten Minute Love’!”

Xenos puffed up his chest and started singing, but Elluka and Platonic ignored him and left the bar.

“Hmm. That is a bit odd,” Platonic began as they walked along, talking about her impression of the story they’d just heard. “Even leaving aside the matter of the dead soldiers, the fact that no one was in the gardens–when I got in there, there were a lot of white livestock wandering around in there, you know.”

“So in other words, including the livestock all the white creatures have up and vanished altogether.”

“That seems to be the case.”

“…This could be our chance, or–perhaps a predicament.”

“I can see how it’s our chance, but what do you mean by it being a predicament?”

“…I mean that someone might have beat us to the punch.”

Elluka pulled a bitter expression.

That was because she’d had experience with some other person overtaking her right when she’d thought she was closing in on her target, in her past.

“We’re going to the mansion now, Platonic.”

“Whaaat!? But it’s already late. Let’s do it tomorrooow—”

“No, we must hurry! Because this time, no matter what it takes—we’re going to get our hands on the Vessel of Deadly Sin!”
