The apartment that wound up being my new residence wasn’t particularly extravagant, but even so it was better than being in prison.

The town of Rolled, in the Lucifenian Republic. This was the first time I had ever come here in my life, but it wasn’t all that far from Aceid, and there didn’t seem to be a ton of differences culturally speaking.

On the door to my room was displayed the name “Themis Eight”.

That was the fake name that had been given to me.

…Nemesis Sudou had been arrested as the main culprit behind the Titanis incident, and then died soon afterwards during some trouble in her prison block—that was what the public records claimed.

But the truth was different.

I had already been gone by the time the violent prisoner Jorm went on his rampage in the prison.

I had been taken outside by Bruno. In all honesty I still didn’t understand why he had taken such an action, given that he was the reason I was arrested in the first place. He hadn’t said one word of explanation to me about it.

After that I was entrusted to a certain soldier, and taught how to use a gun.

It seemed that Bruno had intended for that to be for self defense purposes, but a year later I could tell very clearly that the way he looked at me had changed.

That was because I had far more talent with a gun than he’d expected.

And so—I wound up being given a new “job”.

And that “job” was part of the reason why I had come to this country.

All of the essential supplies and furnishings that I would need were already set up in the room. And they had evidently been courteous enough to bring over my things from where I had once lived in the forest. Items of sentimental value to me had been tossed into several wooden boxes.

After I went through sorting all of them, I realized there was something missing.

That doll that Mr. Ziz had scooped up was nowhere to be seen. …Well, PN was probably holding it as evidence relating to the S.S. Titanis incident.

Mr. Ziz…

I thought of my friend as I gazed upon the empty water tank. I wasn’t allowed to go to the Millennium Tree Forest, so I couldn’t even go collect his corpse.

Nikolay…I will never, ever forgive you—

I knew one day I would get my chance, once I had obtained some credibility by reliably carrying out the “job” I had been given by this organization—Pere Noel.

Right then, the only thing on which I could sustain myself was my desire for revenge against Nikolay.

.

After getting all of my things unpacked and sorted, I looked out at the scenery from my window.

I could see trees bearing beautiful, pale pink blossoms. They were splendid, large trees.

Even in the Millennium Tree Forest there would be many trees that would be covered with vibrant flowers when spring came around.

But I had never seen flowers that color before.

My interest piqued, I went to leave my room and look at the trees from up close.

…They really are quite pretty.

They weren’t flashy, but their delicate hue was had a fragile beauty, and calmed my heart.

–After I had been staring at the flowers for a short time, someone spoke up from next to me.

“Do you like the cherry blossoms?”

It was a young man. When I looked his way, he smiled at me good-humoredly.
I immediately tensed up. He was wearing a police officer’s uniform.

Perhaps I should have ignored him, but it would have also been unusual for me to not reply when spoken to.

And I was a little curious at him calling these “cherry blossoms”.

“Cherry blossoms? But I’m sure that the cherry blossoms I know have a much deeper color than this.”

“These are a little different from the ones that have been in the Evillious region for ages. This is a variety that was brought over from Jakoku maybe a hundred years ago.”

“Wow…You know a lot about flowers.”

“Oh no, not really. I just know that little fact about the cherry blossoms. My late father told it to me, as part of my ancestral roots.”

“Your ancestral roots?”

“I have Jakokuan genes. That might be why I always feel nostalgic whenever I look at cherry blossoms.”

The man approached me, and we looked at the cherry blossoms together.

“Jakoku, huh…I guess we have something in common.”

“Do you also have Jakokuan genes?”

“Yeah—My mother was from Jakoku. She told me that herself.”

My mother hadn’t come to see me at all when I’d been arrested for the Titanis incident, despite my name having been reported many times on the news.
Perhaps that was understandable, given her daughter had committed such an unspeakable crime.

…Even so, alone in my cell I had been seized with the feeling that I’d been abandoned.

Now that I was presumed dead, I would probably never see my mother again.

As though somehow able to tell my feelings, the man peered at my face worriedly.

“You’re looking a bit grim…I’m sorry. I guess this isn’t a great topic for you.”

“No, that’s…alright.”

“Still, I am a bit glad. It’s rare for me to meet anyone with Jakokuan ancestry in this country. Where do you live?”

“…Is that a police question?”

“Huh, why do you ask?”

“You’re…a policeman.”

I pointed to the uniform he was wearing.

“Oh, no, well…I am, yes. But this isn’t meant to be a formal conversation or anything like that. It’s just simple personal interest.”

“…Over there.” It probably wouldn’t look good for me to be unreasonably evasive. I pointed to my apartment building. “Room 202 in that–”

“–What a surprise. We live in the same apartment building. My room is number 304—How odd that I’ve never seen your face before today.”

“Ah…Well, I just moved in.”

"Is that right. So then…It’s nice to meet you, neighbor,” he said, holding out his hand.

Well…I guess a handshake is alright.

I gripped his hand.

“May I ask your name?”

“It’s uh…Themis.”

“That’s a good name.”

The praise didn’t really make me happy. It was a fake name after all.

“I’m Shakuson. If you need anything–Uh oh.” He suddenly looked at his wristwatch. “I have to get back to work soon. Please, excuse me.”

He ran towards the road, looking flustered.

–But then he turned around, appearing to have forgotten to say something.

“Ah, right right…I agree that the cherry blossoms are pretty—In fact, they’re as beautiful as you.”

“…B-bwahaha!”
What a cheesy line that was.

Without thinking, I burst into laughter.

“Ha ha…Hey, Mr. Shakuson? Were you trying to flirt with me?”

“Oh no—well—Maybe.”

“Judging by your looks you’re older than me, right? If you’re going to flirt, I’d appreciate it if you were a bit cleverer at it, hahaha…”

“I see, I’ll try to be more diligent…But still, I’m glad.”

“…?”

“I finally got to see you smile—Well then, see you around!”

He waved at me, and then ran off.

…What an odd guy.

All the same, it felt like it had been a truly long time since I had enjoyed myself just talking to another person.

Feeling a little bit lighter, I continued to look upon the cherry blossoms for a while after that.

.

–My calm was blown away the moment I returned to my room.

Two unwanted guests were waiting there for me.

“…I’m pretty sure I locked the door on my way out.”

“Sorry, but I had a duplicate key made. Not accepting any objections on that.”
I hadn’t really said it with intent to complain.

I was just uncomfortable with it.

“Do you have some business with me, the very day I moved Bruno? And—who this is person here in the red coat?”

“I’ll answer in order. First, I came here today to have you set about with your ‘job’ immediately.” Bruno set a sheet of paper on the desk. “This is your target list. It’s five people in all. Their names and details are written on this sheet. …But it’ll be difficult for you to take them all out at once, so there are some people whose whereabouts have not yet been made clear.”

Then he set down a new sheet of paper—and a gun.

“So, take out the first person on the list before anything else. This paper contains a photo of your target’s face and their home. Kill them within the week.”

“…I’m guessing I don’t have the right to refuse?”

“You can, certainly. You’ll just wind up dead in their place.”

“…”

“I came along because today is your first time—but from now on, all of your assignments will be sent to you through ‘Postman’ here.”

Bruno indicated the person in the red uniform who was with him.

“…”

Postman said nothing, merely standing in place.

“He will never speak to you. Postman will never answer any of your questions. He’ll contact you later to follow up on your second target onward. Just carry out the “job” written on the papers you’re given. Any weapons you need will be provided each time.”
“And when I’m done using the weapons?”

“After we confirm that the ‘job’ is complete, Postman will collect them for you. You just need to give them back. We’ll deal with the disposal ourselves.”

“And what if the police find out about my ‘job’?”

“It’s your responsibility to make sure that doesn’t happen, ‘Number 8’.”

Number 8. That was the codename given to me.

On the surface, I was Themis. Underneath, I was Number 8.

No matter where I went, I would never be allowed to go by Nemesis again.

“…I do have one concern.”

“What’s that?”

I pointed to the ceiling.

“A policeman lives in the room above mine.”

“…I see.”

“This isn’t an ‘I see’ kind of thing. Didn’t you do any preliminary research when you picked my room? You guys should do your jobs properly before saying anything to me!”

“Well, I don’t see it as being much of a problem. It’s not like you’ll be killing anyone here.”
“But—”

“If you like, you could even use this to your advantage.”

“…?”

“Use your feminine wiles. If things go well, you might be able to get your hands on some info for police investigations.”

“…You’re scum.”

“Say what you like. I’m giving you this advice for your own sake. Use any means you have to to survive. For yourself—and for ‘Master’.”

“Master”—that was what Bruno called the leader of Pere Noel. He had never revealed to me what his true name was, nor had I ever met him.

But given Bruno’s occupation, when I thought about who I would be doing these “jobs” for, I could easily guess their identity.

–The Dark Star Bureau Director Gallerian Marlon. Assassinating people who could oppose him was the job given to me.

Gallerian’s wife and daughter had been riding on the S.S. Titanis.

That meant that I had a “duty” to work to atone for that.
