Among the luggage that had been carried over to this room from my house in the forest, there were several items that didn’t actually belong to me.

My mother’s old clothing. It would be impossible for someone who didn’t know me to distinguish between mine and my mother’s belongings, so there wasn’t really any helping that.

I had put them away in the closet, but finally today the time had come for me to put them to use.

They were Jakokuan kimono—I picked out a red one.

Long ago my mother had taught me how to tie the sash. It was still a lot more time-intensive than I had been expecting to put on clothing of a style I wasn’t used to, but I managed to put it to rights well enough.

I rushed out of the room and climbed the stairs.
…As I thought, it was a little hard to walk in.

Eventually I arrived at Shakuson’s door, and when I opened it I could see that he was finished with his own preparations.

“Oh, you’re done getting dressed up.”

Shakuson seemed much better than me at dressing well with a kimono. The way to wear a kimono properly must have been one of the things he’d been taught about his ancestry.

“Yeah…”

I was a little annoyed at his half-hearted remark.

I would have liked him to praise me at least a little for going all out to dress up in a kimono like this.

“Well then, shall we go? The summer festival’s gonna start soon.”

I left the room with Shakuson.

.

Lucifenia’s summer festival. Its history was quite old; apparently this custom of launching fireworks into the air had begun around the 500s of the Evillious record.

Out of displeasure with the neighboring country of Elphegort, the ruler of the time, Princess Riliane, had ordered that the forest that served as the border between them be set on fire. A certain artisan watched the flames as they blazed, and had seized upon the idea to use cannons to make flowers of fire bloom in the sky—I didn’t know how much of that was true or not.

Shakuson had taught most of that to me. Each time I learned of the extent of his knowledge, I would somewhat regret not having pursued my education more.

“But—why kimono?” I asked Shakuson as we were walking along together.

“Hm? Because it’s elegant—El-e-gant. Obviously you wear a kimono to the summer festival.”

“But we’re the only ones wearing them.”

“Because this is Lucifenia, not Jakoku. But don’t mind them. It’s very sophisticated for us to stick to our own sense of fashion.”

“Hah…I guess so.”

Over these past few months I had been able to see quite well that he was, indeed, a weirdo.

It wasn’t like he was always like this. There were times when I would run into him in town by chance while he was doing his rounds, and during those times he had seemed to have a very serious air around him, and he conducted himself very coolly among his coworkers.

Which one was the real him?

It wasn’t like Shakuson was my boyfriend, and I also hadn’t “used my womanly wiles” as Bruno had put it.

Only, at some point we had just naturally started getting along.

Shakuson was unlike any man that I had met until now. He was smart, and gentle-mannered. There were times where he would seem very mature, and then suddenly start acting childish.

He was a strangely bewitching person. When I was with him at least, I was able to forget about the bad things in my life.

“Oh…It’s started.”

Shakuson looked up in response to a loud noise that reverberated through the night.

Following his lead I also looked up at the sky.

–A ball of fire was slipping through between the stars.

Eventually the ball of fire broke apart, and a large flower ring bloomed in the darkness.

“So these are…fireworks…They’re so beautiful.”

This was the first time I had seen fireworks.

There were no flowers like this in the Millennium Tree Forest either, ones with such a beautiful shine.

“…You look happy, Themis.”

“I do?”

“Yeah. You’re smiling.”

Perhaps I was happy from being able to see the fireworks.

Or maybe—

Several balls of fire shot up into the air, and then a red flower garden burst into the night sky.

“Oh, wow…That’s so amazing,” I cheered without thinking.

“Ha ha, they really went all out this year.”

“Is it not always like this?”
“The summer festival last year when I moved to Rolled at least wasn’t to this degree. …Well, maybe it’s because they don’t know if they’ll be able to do a festival like this next year.”

“You mean—”

“The war. You know that the crown prince of Asmodean was murdered, right?”

“But the killer was caught and sentenced, wasn’t he?”

As I could recall, the culprit was someone from the Lucifenian Republic.

“The radio announced a little while ago that the verdict’s come down. –Ten years imprisonment. It’s much, much lighter than predicted. It’s hard to think Asmodean’s gonna be quiet on this. They might wind up declaring war on Lucifenia.”

I didn’t know much when it came to statewide politics. Even so, I knew that the relationship between Lucifenia and its neighboring countries hadn’t been so good lately.

Shakuson heaved a great sigh.

“Political instability, casualties from all the bizarre phenomena—sometimes I can forget it all because of how peaceful this town is, but…I can’t say the situation in Lucifenia is good. Lately there’s also been an issue of important figures being assassinated.”

…I knew a great deal regarding that particular case.

Ghislain Aug, Rodolphe Hugo, and Thabana Johnson.

They were all people I had shot and killed under orders from “Master.”

“You’ve seemed busy lately, Shakuson. How has your investigation been coming along?”

“…Not good—I haven’t gotten a single clue. There’s not a shred of evidence connected to the killer left in any of the murder sites. No doubt about it, this is the work of a pro.”
“…I see.”

Even if the police had managed to find anything, Shakuson wasn’t likely to speak about it to a civilian like me. He wasn’t so foolish as that.

I grew the slightest bit afraid.

Not of being found out for murdering people.

If Shakuson were to learn that I was an assassin—then I would never again be able to watch the fireworks with him like this.

“You’re trembling a little…Are you cold?” Shakuson asked me worriedly.

“…Just a little.”

“Looks like the fireworks are almost over…How about we head back, huh?” he said—taking my hand.

“Yeah…Sure.”

Then we headed home, my hand in his.

And, as if they never were, my tremors ceased.
