I hadn’t reported Shakuson’s true identity to the organization.

The only duty they had given to me was killing people.

They hadn’t said anything about searching for the targets myself.

.

Perhaps as a result of war breaking out, I would sometimes see soldiers in town.

Why were they fighting? And for what reason did they kill?

For their country, for their families, for justice—the reasons were endless.

Whatever the case, I thought it was splendid.

There were pacifists out in the town square shouting about opposing the war and for everyone to join hands and such, but such things were mere idealism—it sounded like little more than the excuses of cowards who didn’t have the courage to fight.

I was certain they were the privileged sort. They had probably never been in a situation where it was kill or be killed.

Even animals killed other animals, to sustain themselves and to protect their territory.

Those humans who couldn’t were lower than beasts.

.

It wasn’t like I didn’t have pangs of conscience about killing people.

But every time I would hesitate, the “other me” would whisper in my mind.

–It’s not my fault.

–Someone killing someone else is instinctual, natural, and destined.

–All the people in this world exist to be killed.

She would erase my doubts.

She would make me a cold assassin.

.

It would be Christmas soon.

This had become a topic of conversation while I was walking with Shakuson along the main street.

“Themis, what are you doing for Christmas?”

“What am I…doing?”

“Well, I had just thought you’d probably be spending it with your family.”
I silently shook my head.

“You’re not going home?”

“No…My mother’s probably away at work.”

Most of the Christmases in my childhood, I had spent with my mother. And when she wasn’t around, Nikolay.

There were benefits and drawbacks to either case.

My mother greatly understood what it was that I liked, so she always had excellent sense when selecting my Christmas presents. Come to think of it, Mr. Ziz had also been one of the presents she gave me for Christmas. On the other hand, her cooking when it came to the cake and turkey was…All the good will in the world couldn’t get me to compliment it. Though I would persevere to eat it even so.

Nikolay, who looked a lot like Santa Claus, would make superb dishes. They were always fairly eccentric in appearance, overflowing with his unique sensibilities, but they tasted good nonetheless. Thinking on it now I was curious as to how he made them, considering he didn’t have any decent cooking equipment at that camp of his. As for his presents…Well, there wasn’t much to say. It was all useless to me, so I’d thrown them out the day after I moved here.

–I would never spend Christmas with my mother or Nikolay again.

“What do you plan to do, Shakuson?”

I’d heard him say that his parents had already passed on. But he—had a younger brother.

I recalled that letter, but quickly put it out of my mind.

“I—can’t go back to my home country either. It’s just the state of the world.”
“Then your real family’s in—”

“Asmodean. The country that Lucifenia’s currently at war with. I can’t get across the border so easily.”

“I see…”

“…So. Would you like to spend Christmas together this year? You and me.”

“Huh?”

“You don’t want to?”

“That’s…not it.”

My face right then was probably as red as the uniform that Santa Claus wore.

“Well then, I’ll have to get a present for you,” Shakuson said happily.

“In that case, I’ll do the cooking.”

“Oh, sounds good.”

The two of us headed home, getting excited as the conversation went on.

.

After seeing Shakuson off as he went up the stairs, I entered my own room.

–Santa Claus was waiting for me there a little early.

“Postman…”
He had come, wearing his red coat.

There was—only one thing that could mean.

A killing assignment.

“…”

Wordlessly, Postman held out a small box.

I didn’t want to accept it.

I didn’t need this sort of Christmas present.

“…”

The other standing before me silently pressed me on.

I crumbled, and reluctantly accepted the box.

When I undid the string and opened it up, inside was a twice-folded piece of paper, a box of ammo, and—a revolver.

“This is–”

I had seen this gun before.

The “Naga Custom .44”–It was unmistakable.

Shiro’s gun.

She told me she’d used it since she was young—it was a precious treasure to her.

From a quick look at its condition, all of its adjustments were complete. Shiro would frequently perform maintenance on this gun even if she didn’t actually use it.
This was, without a doubt, the highest quality gun I had ever held in my hand.

With this, I would never miss my target.

…Even Postman, right in front of me.

“…”

I pointed the muzzle at him.

Postman didn’t move an inch.

–That was only natural. He knew that the gun wasn’t loaded.

I lowered the gun.

…That left the paper.

I had a guess as to the orders that were written on it.

There was only one assassination target left.

.

Kill Nyoze Octo by the end of the year.

He is going by the name of Shakuson.

You need no further explanation.

.
That was it.

Unlike the others, there was no picture.

“…Understood,” I whispered.

After verifying that, Postman left the room.

.

–In no time at all it was Christmas.

.

It was cold.

Nikolay would have said it was “quite chilly today”.

Shakuson was away at work again.

But he told me he would try to wrap it up and head back as soon as possible.

On my end I…was putting together his Christmas present in my room.

“…”

I had decided.

I would bring it all to an end today.

“—Heey!”

I could hear Shakuson’s voice from outside.

I opened up the window—it must have been cold. It had started snowing.

Shakuson waved to me underneath the withered cherry blossom tree.
“Could you come over here?”

A request from the one I love.

I couldn’t very well refuse.

…Ha ha ha.

I left the room and headed for Shakuson’s side.

He was wearing his police uniform.

“Sorry. It looks like…I’m gonna be coming home a lot later than I thought. I might not make it back while the sun’s still up.”

“Oh…Well, you can’t help work.”

“That’s why–I thought I’d give this to you first.”

Shakuson took out a box.

It was small enough to fit into his palm.

“It’s your Christmas present. …Open it.”

I took the box from him, and looked inside.

Inside it was–

“…I don’t believe it…”

A diamond ring.

When I looked to Shakuson I noticed that he was also wearing a ring.
On his left ring finger.

“It’s an engagement ring. Though I didn’t have much choice in diamond size with my salary.”

"…”

“–Will you marry me, Themis?”

“…Thank you. You’ve made me very happy.”

“–! Then–”

“I have a present for you too.”

I pulled it out from my pocket where I had been keeping it hidden.

.

Santa gave to me a revolver.

Right now it was loaded with live rounds.

I aimed the muzzle at him, standing before my eyes.

.

–Goodbye, the one I love.

.

I had intended to fire it immediately.

But…I couldn’t.

My vision grew blurred, and I couldn’t lock down my aim.
No matter how good the gun, it meant nothing if the person firing was like this.

“…So you’ve figured it out then. Themis—no, Nemesis,” Shakuson said with a calm demeanor. “How long have you known?”

“…I figured it out in fall. I found the letter from your brother you had in your room.”

“–That was careless of me, and Gammon for having written it. I should have disposed of it immediately after reading it.”

“You’re trying to combat the Dark Star Bureau. And so you got close to me to use me—I looked into when you moved into the apartment building we’re in now. …It was one week before I arrived.”

That was why the organization hadn’t known that there was a police officer living there.

“…It was a risky gamble. Deliberately getting into direct contact with the person who would be targeting me. But I figured it would be the perfect chance to get close to PN’s dark side.”

“I had always thought that you were in the side of justice, and I was evil—but…I was wrong.”

“It was actually the opposite?”

“No. You and I are both…evil.”

“…Maybe so.”

Despite having a gun pointed at him, Shakuson showed no sign of resistance.

He was still on duty, so he must have had a gun on him. But he made no move to pull it out, and there was no hint of him preparing to run away.

–Why didn’t he run away?
If he ran away–

Run–

“…Hey, Shakuson.”

“What is it?”

“What if we ran away? The two of us.”

I knew it was crazy.

Still, right now the whole world was breaking out in war. If we took advantage of the chaos, maybe–

But Shakuson slowly shook his head.

“We can’t do that, Themis.”

“…Why?”

“It isn’t a matter of just us. We each have things we need to protect. In my case, I have my brother and my comrades in the Tasan Party. In yours–”

“I have nothing to protect.”

“You don’t have to hide it now. I’ve done my bit of research too. –About your relation to that man.”

That man?

I didn’t know what Shakuson was getting at.

“You killing people–that’s for your father, isn’t it?”

“…I don’t have a father.“
"It’s okay, I know. The head of the Dark Star Bureau, Gallerian–he is your father.”

“…Huh?”

Gallerian–“Master” was my…father!?

“It can’t be…That’s a lie.”

“–Did you really not know?”

How could I?

How could I know the one making me kill was my true father?

“Ha–Ha ha ha…Enough!” I screamed, unable to hold in my feelings. “Every last one of them, they’re all garbage! Nikolay, Bruno, Gallerian–and you too!”

I once more pointed the gun I had lowered at Shakuson.

“Everyone…Everyone should die!”

.

That’s exactly right.

Give over to it.

To the feelings inside you

And–destroy everything.

.
“Shut up!”

I had meant to scream that at the “other me” who had been speaking just then, but it seemed Shakuson thought it was directed at him.

“Please calm down, Themis.”

“Shut up! Shut up! Shut up!”

“–Calm down!”

Shakuson drew closer, and tightly embraced me.

–And with just that, I regained my composure so fast I could scarcely believe it.

“…Hey, Shakuson.”

“What?”

“If I could do it over–”

I wanted to gaze at the cherry blossoms in full bloom with him again.

I wanted to go see the summer fireworks with him again.

And–

“…No, nevermind.”

Sorry–‘cause I know that such things are already impossible.

Because from the beginning everything between us was just too different.

But–
Even so, I came to like you.

.

I pushed away from Shakuson, and for a third time brought up my gun.

“…”

This wasn’t my first time shooting someone.

But…I guess this would be the first time I’d shoot while crying.

“…”

Shakuson didn’t say anything.

He just looked at me with a kind expression.

Please–stop making such a face.

I knew the truth.

He wasn’t the one at fault, nor was anyone else.

…It was me.

If only I hadn’t sunk that ship back then. If only I hadn’t killed anyone.

I’m sure things wouldn’t have turned out this way.

Though I might regret it, I couldn’t go back to that day.

.
Shakuson–

I met you in spring.

Thinking on it now, maybe at that time I had already fallen in love with you.

In summer we made a lot of memories, on an autumn night we were joined.

And in this winter–we marked the end of everything.

.

The hammer raises, my index finger drawing close to the trigger.

That finger trembled slightly, but I couldn’t tell.

“I’m sorry…”

Those were my last words to you.

And–

In the end, you–

.

A dry gunshot rang out from beneath the cherry blossom tree.

.

…

……

It’s alright, Shakuson.

Don’t worry.

Because I’m sure I’ll be able to see you soon.

I’m not making you go alone.

Because–

“Let’s always be together”–

That’s something we always said to each other, right?

.

The gun that shot Shakuson.

I turned the muzzle on my own temple.

–Once I’m gone, it will all be over.

.

I squeezed the trigger.
