Section 2 ——Full Moon Visitor——

✥ Kyle ~In the Lucifenian
Palace, “Hall of Mirrors”~

The next afternoon, Yukina came to visit the palace just
as she said at the banquet.

“You’ve traveled quite a long ways to get here,
huh?”

I looked down on Yukina as she bowed to me. It was
natural, considering our respective statuses, but seeing this girl who was once
so innocent that she caused her father trouble respectfully adhering to
etiquette like she was now made me feel quite severely the passage of time.

The two servants behind her bowed as she did. Their entire
bodies were concealed with cloaks, and they wore wooden masks. It was hard to
think of a fourteen year old girl going on a journey by herself, so perhaps
they were people hired on as bodyguards? Even so, they were dressed quite
strangely.

Honestly, I’ve been
just surrounded by masked people lately.

“It is good to finally talk to you again. It has
been quite a while, has it not? I am increasingly delighted to see that you are
in good health, Your Majesty. Today–”

“That formal address is more than enough. I don’t
mind if you face me.” At my words, Yukina raised her head. “I think your features have
come to resemble Lady Mikina.”

“My mother? I don’t much think that way myself,
but…”

“I disagree, I think you look just the slightest bit
more like Lady Mikina than Keel. …Well then, is it alright if I ask you something
before we go into the main topic?”

“What about?”

I pointed at the servants behind her.

“These people behind you. They have a very
interesting way of dress, don’t they?”

“Ah, them…they’re Almoga Mobarez.”

Almoga Mobarez? I had heard of them. If memory served me…

“That’s the name of those few citizens of Asmodean
who work as mercenaries.”

“That’s right. The very same. I met up with them during
my journey.”

My personal bodyguard standing next to me–Clive–took a
step towards them.

“Oi! You lot. You’re in the presence of royalty. Take
off those masks.”

One of the servants responded to that in a very faint
whisper, “According to our laws we cannot expose our real faces to other
people. We beg your pardon.”

“Laws!? I’ve never heard of that. In this country
you follow our rules–”

I put an arresting hand on Clive’s shoulder as he
threatened them, his face red.

“It’s alright. These are the company of none other
than Yukina. We can let it slide.”

“…As you will.”

Clive reluctantly stood down.

Even so, she’s
brought some very strange people with her.

I couldn’t believe it so suddenly, but it seemed that the
talk of Yukina running away from home and traveling to several countries for
the past year was true.

“I don’t really mind. Actually it’s appropriate–there
are people like them in the palace right now.”

The Special Maneuvers Task Force…They still hadn’t found
the ‘witches’ yet. For the moment they had returned to the palace.

I readjusted my position on the throne.

“Well then, shall I hear your business here?”

“Right. I’ve come here as Keel’s representative
today.”

“In Keel’s place?”

Yukina began to speak, putting a bit more strength in her
manner of speaking than she had before.

“Your Majesty has put an embargo on the country of
Elphegort recently, yes?”

“It’s not a complete embargo. Trade with Marlon is
still permitted. I had thought it wasn’t putting Keel at a disadvantage?”

The embargo towards Elphegort both functioned as a
punishing measure on the government and the king of Elphegort who wouldn’t make
his position clear on the situation with Marlon, and at the same time had the
goal of advancing my economic rule by enforcing trade with my country.

“My father oversees the flow of trade in the whole
Evillious region. Even if it brings him a temporary benefit, he’s concerned about
the possibility that if this embargo continues it’ll result in a stagnation of
the marketplace.”

I listened to Yukina’s claim, nodding along.

However, there was a big inconsistency in her story. I
decided to press her on it.

“But wasn’t it Keel who suggested the embargo in the
first place?”

“Huh!?”

A look of panic crossed Yukina’s face.

“I-is that so? Sorry, I’m just here as a messenger
so I don't…”

“This is an economic matter as well, so
why are you here? Isn’t the plan for your little brother Shaw to inherit Keel’s
business?”

Yukina had a twelve year old brother named Shaw. I’d
heard that Keel had been considering making him his heir, so Shaw was currently
in the middle of studying about trade at his father’s side.

“Sh-Shaw is still just a kid! So I came this time…

…She’s not making a lot of sense.

But, well, I could get the gist of this scenario.
Apparently Yukina thought that I hadn’t realized that she’d run away from home.

I knew that she wasn’t Keel’s messenger, but rather she
was just dropping by during her journey. However, she was worried that I’d find
her out and contact Keel. …Fairly certain that was it.

She talked about her little brother as being just a kid,
but she was after all just a fourteen year old girl herself. She probably wasn’t
thinking about such a minute detail.

Would it be kinder
to keep pretending that I haven’t figured her out?

Yukina continued making excuses, sweat dripping from her
brow. I interrupted her.

"Well, understood. I’ll just talk to your father
directly when I get the chance.”

“R-right. You’d really be helping me out by doing
that…”

I would end up feeling bad for Yukina, if I continued the
conversation any further. I switched topics. “By the by, is this the first
time you’ve been to this palace, Yukina?”

“Now that you mention it, it is. My father never
took me along when he was attending the banquets here.”

One could call Keel’s judgment prudent. If he had brought
Yukina back then, she’d probably get beheaded by that displeased Riliane. I’d
heard rumors that she had even executed children younger than her without any mercy.

“While you have the opportunity, you should look
around the palace. There are a lot of interesting things here. Maybe you’ll
find some inspiration for your novels.”

“R-really!? I can!?”

In the space of a second Yukina’s eyes began to sparkle.

I see, perhaps the reason for her braving the danger of
Keel finding out her location to come here was because she’d wanted to inspect
the inside of the palace.

“Indeed, I don’t mind. Aside from the armory go
anywhere you like. I’ll tell the soldiers.”

“Then I’m gonna go!”

Before she’d even finished speaking Yukina darted out of
the Hall of Mirrors with her notepad in hand.

My my, grown up
though she may be, some things haven’t changed.

The masked servants that she’d left behind slowly stood,
bowed to me, and left the room.

“Clive.”

“What do you need, my king?”

“Make sure to tell everyone that Yukina is to be
allowed to move freely within the palace. And then…send a carrier pigeon to
Keel.”

“A carrier pigeon…?

"Tell him Yukina’s come to the Lucifenian
palace.”

“Is that what you wish?”

“I do want to aid in her adventure. But Keel is an
extremely doting father. He’s likely to die of loneliness if she makes him
worry too much.”

And that really wasn’t much of an exaggeration.

“I understand, I’ll get on it.”

“It’s Keel, so perhaps he’ll be able to grasp the
situation in his own way.”

After Clive told something to his underling soldiers,
they began to walk off in separate directions.
