✥ Kyle ~In the Lucifenian
Palace, “Guest Room”~

The Lucifenian palace had several guest rooms prepared for
visitors who would arrive from far-off places. Back before Lucifenia was under
Marlon’s rule–in the time of the Lucifen dynasty–I too had stayed here as a
guest several times.

The commotion was going on in one of those rooms. Several
soldiers had already arrived there before us when we got there.

Among them was Clive. He was wearing pajamas instead of
his armor, as though he’d been sleeping.

Wearing pink
pajamas, of all things…That’s something I didn’t need to know.

Even so, I could praise him for noticing the disturbance and
getting here so quickly.

“What’s going on?” I asked him.

He replied, puzzled, “It looks to be the work of
those masked people.”

“Which masked people? Ours? Or the guests?”

“The ones of our country.”

“The Special Maneuvers Task Force? Where have they gotten
to?”

“By the time I ran here they were already gone.
According to one of my subordinates, they were pursuing the resident of this
room.”

When I glanced at the room, the insides were in a
terrible state. Had they used gunpowder? There were black scorch-marks in
various spots. But there were no corpses or injured people inside.

I had granted them freedom to act, but not to lay waste
to the palace like this.

What in the world
are those women doing?

What they were doing…upon consideration, I realized my own thoughtlessness.
The identity of the one the Special Maneuvers Task Force was pursuing…It was
obvious if I just recalled what their mission was.

Even so, assuming that was true, why was Yukina working
with these people?

“What of Yukina? This was her servant staying
here.”

“One of our servants visited Yukina’s room after the
explosion, but there was no one in her room. It’s the same with her other
attendant.”

“Wake all the soldiers! Bar all the exits, let no
one leave the palace. Find and capture Yukina and her two servants. …And make
sure you don’t hurt her.”

“What about the servants?”

“You need not go easy on them. The both of them are
likely skilled opponents. Depending on the situation, you can kill them on the
spot.”

“What of the women in the iron masks?”

“Let them do as they like. If you see them, tell
them my orders.”

The soldiers scattered in all directions.“

"Clive, you come with me. I’m joining in the
search.”

“Can we do that after I’ve gone back to my room
first? I need to change clothes.”

Ah, that’s right. He was still in his pajamas.

“Well, I suppose you oughtn’t go out in such a fancy
getup.”

“…Sorry.”

“I understand. Make your preparations.”

“Yes sir.”

Well then, you blasted mice. Where in the world have you
run to?
