September 19th.

The news published the information that Bruno had been murdered.

.

Julia hadn’t told him anything, but Lemy could guess who it was who killed Bruno.

Gatt. Just as Magician had said, “Sixth, Venom” was a superb assassin. This would mean that Venom had slipped into enemy territory without alerting anyone to his presence and definitively exterminated his target alone.

Even so, suspicion towards Julia only worsened. Even the newspapers were declaring that she might be resigning from her presidency soon.

The truth was secondary for the ambitious. They were convinced that if they could only get rid of those that stood above them, then they could stand there in their place.

Lemy was aware that he wasn’t all that smart, but he felt that there were far more people in this world living their lives without realizing their incompetence than he had once thought. There wasn’t likely to be anyone outside of his mother who could lead this country in the right direction. Why couldn’t everyone realize that?

Mother, mother…God what a Mama’s boy. Don’t you have a will of your own?

Ney was mocking Lemy. Still, while she wasn’t mistaken, she wasn’t right either.

The desire to protect his mother was none other than Lemy’s will.

If it weren’t for her, he would have always lived in the orphanage, without ever discovering his true self.

–He would kill his mother’s enemies.

For his mother. And for himself.
As the full moon approached, Lemy’s mind and body began to throb.

He wanted to see these villains’ blood run more than anything.
