Once more a string of serial killings occurred in Rolled.

.

October 2nd.

Lower house congressman Elman Ordovan was murdered in Rolled’s 11th district.

He was the man who had pushed the most strongly for Julia’s resignation in parliament.

.

November 21st.

The body of Saintes Faraux Newspaper reporter Isidor Anguel was found in Rolled’s 2nd district.

He had knife wounds in his abdomen.

According to his colleagues, he was following up on the president’s scandal.

.

December 8th.

World Police investigator Jean Marcel went missing.
Two days later, on December 10th, a waterlogged corpse was found in the Orgo River. It was confirmed to be Jean.

He had been conducting an investigation into the cases of Elman and Isidor.

.

–Ayn’s thoughts whirled as he rested his eyes on the investigative documents before him in the inn.

He had once more returned to the city of Rolled. By all rights he should have come here much sooner.

As the case caused by “Fifth, Pierrot” was far from resolved.

.

Rin Chan had cooperated with the investigation, but had remained close-lipped on “Fifth, Pierrot”. She had told them that Pierrot had always worn his white makeup while she’d been in his clutches, and so she couldn’t really learn his face. Ayn didn’t know if that was true or not, but as long as she wasn’t a suspect he couldn’t afford to question her too harshly.

And the other person who knew the truth—Bruno, or rather Kaidor Blankenheim, had been killed before he could tell them everything.

The World Police was of the opinion that this too was the work of “Fifth, Pierrot”, but Ayn and Willus weren’t completely sure on that.

First, the modus operandi was different. “Fifth, Pierrot” generally committed his crimes away from prying eyes. But Kaidor’s killer had boldly slipped into a World Police facility of all places and killed him while evading surveillance.

Another difference was that the weapon used in Kaidor’s murder was not a knife. The wound was much wider than with the prostitutes, and his body had been completely stabbed through. It was likely a weapon with a longer blade than a knife.
Of course, as the circumstances of Kaidor’s case were different from that of the prostitute killings, it was possible that Pierrot had changed his methods.

Willus was currently pressing forward on that investigation.

Ayn had returned to Rolled in order to investigate into the serial killings that had once more begun in this city.

None of the current victims were prostitutes. A politician, a reporter, a policeman—The jobs were all different.

For that reason he couldn’t be completely sure that this string of murders was the work of “Fifth Pierrot”, but at the very least it was extremely likely that “Pere Noel” was involved.

Among the victims, both the politician and the reporter were people who had been dangerous to the president.

Taking only motive into consideration, one would arrive at the conclusion that it was either someone wishing to protect the president or the president herself that was carrying out these crimes.

However, the president had a strong alibi for each of the cases. At this point, she was under observation at all times. It would be very difficult for her to carry out the murders without anyone catching her.

Well then…What should I do first?

Rather than investigating into what had already transpired—perhaps it would be better to try and determine who the killer would target next. He had suspected that would lead him to some potential suspects.

All the people being targeted were either those that were a hindrance to the president, or those that were looking into the killer.

There were a fair bit of candidates there. It would be difficult to protect all of them, even if he called in reinforcements.
They couldn’t let there be any more victims.

Someone needed to catch the killer.

I need to think on this…What would be the best course of action.

But no good ideas came to mind.

–He decided to get some fresh air in the room. He opened the window and gazed at the scenery outside.

There were people lined up before a building he could see in the distance.

It was Milanais Theater. It seemed there was some sort of event going on there tonight.

Milanais Theater huh?

Ayn abruptly remembered something that had happened long ago.

.

Ayn had once had the bitter experience of letting a culprit get away.

It actually wasn’t that long ago; four years back. At the time Ayn was an officer newly hired on in Rolled.

There, he participated in an investigation to chase down a certain criminal. It was also the first time that he’d met Heidemarie.

The name of that criminal—was that of Pere Noel’s assassin, “Fifth, Pierrot”.

Naturally, it was a different person from the “Fifth, Pierrot” they were pursuing now. However, Ayn couldn’t help feeling like there was some connection between him and the existence of “Fifth, Pierrot” even so.

In that investigation four years before, Ayn had made a blunder. He’d caught sight of “Fifth, Pierrot”, and then allowed him to escape right under his nose.

This time…I’ll catch him for sure.

Ayn moved to close the window, having strengthened his resolve.

Just then, something came shooting his way with a great deal of force.

“Wha!?”

Thinking that a bird might be racing towards the window, Ayn hurriedly moved away.

It entered the room and then struck the wall.

“What’s this…?”

Ayn timidly approached the item stuck into the wall.

It was a small clump of lead. When he pulled it out, the lead cracked open and something fell from inside.

He scooped it up. It was a piece of paper, curled up into a cylinder.

When he opened it, this was written inside:

.

To Ayn,

Wait tomorrow at 2AM in front of the Abelard estate in the first district.

Heidemarie.
