December 26th. 2AM.

Ayn was near the president’s estate.

It wasn’t to eavesdrop on President Julia. It was because he had been called there by someone.

Yesterday, a letter had reached Ayn. The contents were extremely simplistic, but the important thing for him had been the name of who sent it.

.

Heidemarie Lorre.

.

The woman who had once been his coworker, and his girlfriend.

A letter had arrived from her after she’d been missing for over a year. The penmanship was hers, there was no mistaking it. It was very like her to write such broken up and hard to read lettering.

He couldn’t see her anywhere. But that was also like her, in a way. Heidemarie never observed their agreed-upon times.

Ayn continued to wait for her, glancing around at his surroundings.

There wasn’t a soul around, this time of night. The darkness and silence had enfolded the entire district. If it had been a little earlier he could have seen the lights of Milanais theater even from here.

I’m freezing…
It could have snowed. That was how cold it was.

.

It was half past two in the morning.

Heidemarie still hadn’t come.

As one might expect, Ayn had started to become a little irritated, huffing white puffs of breath.

She’s late, no getting around it…Maybe the letter was fake…Or maybe something happened with her…

Should he go back already?…Or should he wait a little bit longer?…

While he was pondering this, it happened.

“Meow.”

He could hear something coming from a back alley.

“–!?…Is that a cat?”

It probably wasn’t anything to worry about. But Ayn casually headed in that direction.

It was just an alley, nothing particularly unusual about it. Yet, he had seen this sight before.

He remembered. The incident that had happened four years ago.

I see…This place is…

Ayn then proceeded into the alley.

There was no cat. Instead, there was a single figure.

As the figure was hard to see clearly, their appearance obscured by shadow, Ayn thought for just a moment that it was Heidemarie.
But the figure looked a little bit shorter than she did.

“Good evening.”

It was a man—or rather a boy’s voice. When he drew closer he could make him out more clearly. His face was painted white, and he was wearing gaudy clothing…Dressed just like a clown.

“Detective Ayn Anchor…Thanks to you ‘Pere Noel’ has been put in quite the crisis. Do a favor for ‘First, Santa Claus’…and die here tonight.”

He was gripping a silver knife in his hand. That knife had been used to take many lives up to this point.

–This was “Fifth, Pierrot”. There was no mistake.

If it hadn’t been in this place…if it hadn’t been this back alley, Ayn’s reasoning would have stopped there. Ayn could see Pierrot’s appearance, with his true face hidden, overlap with that of a certain boy.

“Are you…Lemy Abelard?”

Pierrot didn’t hide his surprise at Ayn’s question.

“–!? How do you know—”

“So you are, then…Don’t you remember? The day we met.”

“What are you…talking about? What in the world do you—”

On Lemy’s part, he had first seen Ayn’s form when he’d been hidden in the ceiling at the Lucifenian palace.

But they hadn’t met directly then.

“Four years ago. When you were attacked by hoodlums here. That was when we met,” Ayn told him.
“…It can’t be…”

“I was participating in the investigation to capture ‘Fifth, Pierrot’. We had a tipoff that he was to appear in a show in Milanais Theater, and I infiltrated the circus to search for him—yes, dressed as a clown.”

“…You’re lying.”

“A disaster happened, then. A wild-animal tamer child was mauled to death by a lion. It wasn’t the work of ‘Fifth, Pierrot’…but apparently he wasn’t expecting it either. By chance I caught sight of him as he panicked and fled the theater. I gave chase—and then came to this alley.”

“…”

Lemy gave no reply. Ayn continued, heedless to his silence.

“There, I heard a scream. It was a boy’s voice. It wasn’t the direction that ‘Fifth, Pierrot’ had run to…but I couldn’t just let it go, either. I gave up on chasing him, and headed for where I’d heard the voice. There was a boy and two thugs. Apparently the two ruffians got me mixed up with ‘Fifth, Pierrot’—”

“That’s a lie! You’re lying to me! The idea that that pierrot was just a police officer—”

“…After I saved you, I immediately returned to the hunt for ‘Fifth, Pierrot’. But he was already long gone. …My superior at the time chewed me out good. Throwing away a once in a lifetime chance like that.”

“That’s enough.”
As he spoke, Lemy raced towards him, the knife in his hand. But he was clearly shaking.

It wasn’t all that difficult for Ayn to dodge the end of his knife, trembling as he was.

“Lemy. Why are you doing this? Are you under orders from your mother—from President Abelard? If that’s the case, then she’s deceiving you. To think that she’d be forcing her own child to do this—”

“It has nothing to do with my mother! This is my own will! I’ll erase you, and so erase my worthless aspirations in the past! And then—I will become the true ‘Fifth, Pierrot’!”

Lemy charged again. Ayn shifted to dodge his knife once more.

But—

–! Dammit!

There was a large rock by his feet. He hadn’t seen it there due to how dark it was. Ayn tripped, and fell to the ground on his back.

Lemy quickly moved to straddle him. He took his knife in both hands, and lifted it high.

“Die!”

He would be killed—Ayn screwed his eyes shut without thinking.

.

–Bang.

.

An explosive shot suddenly resounded through the alley.
He had heard that sound before.

That had—been a gun.

And not just from any regular firearm.

That…was from Heidemarie’s gun—

.

Ayn opened his eyes.

His gaze fell on someone who had fallen, leaning on him.

It was Lemy. Red was staining his chest. He’d been shot.

It was straight to the heart. A fatal wound.

“Wh…y? My…chest hurts…” he whispered, his voice fading.

Ayn stood, holding Lemy in his arms, and then laid him down on the ground.

When he looked up, a new figure had appeared.

“…Heidemarie.”

She was standing there wordlessly, revolver in her right hand. Smoke was wafting from the gun.

“—My my, that was careless of me. Looks like I forgot to ‘hypnotize’ you into forgetting Gumillia’s face.”

From deeper in the alley another person approached. She was in a wheelchair. The owner of that brothel.

“No…That’s not it.” In the back of Ayn’s mind, a memory resurfaced. “Yes…How could I have forgotten you until now? You’re…You are—Hanne.”
Her hair color had changed, but it was none other than Heidemarie’s older sister, Hanne Lorre.

“It’s been some time since I was called by that name.”

“Why…are you two—”

“To kill ‘Fifth, Pierrot’, of course. –Sorry, Ayn. We sort of used you as bait.”

Hanne moved the wheelchair herself, and drew close to Lemy’s fallen body.

“…That’s why I told you to escape.”

Lemy looked up at Hanne with blank eyes.

In his mind, she looked to be sneering down at him.

“Why…you said…you’d save me…”

“Only if you didn’t betray me. I wish that I could have gotten you away from Julia. But…you picked her. You decided for yourself to take the path of ‘evil’. I couldn’t just leave a ‘Twin of God’ in her hands—so I had no choice but to do this.”

“I’m—not ‘evil’. The evil ones…are the whole wo—”

“No. Maybe you were using justice as a pretext. Maybe you thought you were doing it for your mother and Rin. –I remember a boy who looked quite like you, a long time ago. He too committed sins, for the sake of his older sister. Though the world scorned her as ‘evil’, he alone tried to protect her. But he didn’t enjoy killing people. …You had begun to take pleasure in the act of murder, using your mother and friend as an excuse. You and he—aren’t anything alike.”

Blood was gushing from Lemy’s chest.

“I don’t want to die—I don’t want to die.”

“I expect the people that you’ve killed felt much the same way. …You just enjoy murdering people. An outcome like this is quite fitting for one like you. A low end with neither punchline nor catharsis. But…this is the story that you chose.”

“If this…is my…story…What should…I have…done?”

Hanne shook her head.

“I don’t know. How about you ask Ney?”

“Ney…where is Ney? I can’t hear her voice. Even though she’s always been so annoyingly by my side…Hey…where’s…Ney…”

Lemy raised his hand and grasped at air.

But there was nothing there. At least, Ayn couldn’t see anything.

He couldn’t save him now—not like he had four years ago.

.

Ayn still didn’t get what was going on now.
What relation did Hanne and Heidemarie have with Lemy?

Why did Heidemarie shoot him?

And as for Hanne—was she even really “Hanne Lorre” in the first place?

Her face was the same…but to Ayn she looked a little different than the Hanne that he knew.

Her true identity was that of the “Eternal Sorceress”, Elluka Clockworker—that’s what he’d learned of her before she disappeared.

But it wasn’t just that. There was something more frightening than that about her now—

.

While he still didn’t understand everything.

One fact was clear.

.

–The story of “Fifth, Pierrot” was drawing to a close now.

.

At some point, it had started to snow.

Ayn remembered that tomorrow would be the day of the Nativity Festival.

Beneath the piling snow, the fallen Lemy’s eyes started up at the sky.

But there was no longer any light lingering in them.

.
Duel challenge:

.

To my beloved sister-in-law,

.

I’ll be waiting at Merrigod Plateau.

.

From Irina Clockworker

As Julia Abelard
