Honor—

And praise—

Our great—

Conchita!

.

As a result of the Anofaceon Empire crumbling to ruin due to the giant clan “Belzo”, the Silgareds continent had come to greet a time of chaos.

While every territory was in the middle of clamoring for countermeasures against the Belzo, the sorceress of darkness Estoria conspired with the remote Fagan tribe, and, taking advantage of this, started moving to seize hegemony over the continent.

On the other hand, the imperial princess Gulf, having fled her country, wound up meeting a boy in the desert village of Harp.

He was the guardian of the divine spirit Yyra, Jarre.

To thwart Estoria’s treachery, Jarre ended up assembling a crew of like-minded friends and setting out on a journey.

Midway through, on the Carpus plains, he wound up getting caught in the war between the Belzo and Fagan.

Amidst this grand battle, as Jarre prepared for death, he drew his sword.

But at that moment—

He saw it.

Suddenly appearing there in the air—a mysterious building.
.

Inside the belltower hall in the very top of the clocktower.

Banica Conchita looked down upon the scene below with glee.

“Hahaha…It seems we made it.”

She put her hand on the hanging bell in satisfaction.

Inside that bell was placed a new model of “Blackbox” that Seth had created.

–Seth Twiright had fallen to the Hellish Yard following the duel of Merrigod Plateau.

He had then on continued his research there.

His research into parallel worlds…and a way to move through them.

After the Third Period had fallen to ruin and Ma died—Seth had wound up entrusting the results of his research to Banica.

It seemed that he had been searching for someone who could be a monitor(guinea pig) for the “Neo Blackbox” that he had invented. At first he had asked Gumillia, but she’d turned him down.

But Banica and Seth’s interests were aligned.

She had, frankly, begun to grow tired of the Third Period.

There were no longer any unique, new foods in that world to draw her interest.

So then—even if it meant going on a new journey.

She would search for yet even more “evil food”.

“Lady Banica~!” Pollo called out to Banica as he raced up the stars. “Dinner is ready~”
But Banica shook her head.

“…I don’t need it.”

“Huh!? Right now, that’s…the first time you’ve ever said you weren’t hungry, Lady Banica!”

“That’s not what I mean. I’m just fed up with Eater’s menu, so lacking in variation. What’s more—Look, Pollo. Come see what’s going on down there.”

Having come up to the belltower hall, Pollo glanced down at the war occurring below.

“Wah!? Those are some huge people. They’re as big as Eater…No, even bigger.”

“Giant steak—that’s what I’ve decided tonight’s dinner will be. …Pollo. Go make preparations to charge for the front with Arte.”

“–! Yes ma’am!”

“There’s no need to lower the theater for that…Ride on Eater.”

“…Huh~? You’re not gonna use our new weapons~?”

This sky-stronghold style theater made special by Seth, the “Evils Theater II”, had many advanced weapons of his invention loaded inside of it.

“We’ll hold off on that yet. For now our priority is determining what sort of place this world is. For that purpose—"

Banica licked her lips.
“—First I’ll get a taste.”

.

A new journey has begun for Banica and her troupe.

Where they left the land they were born in, and went to a new dimension.

Until the day comes that her hunger is truly satisfied.

That journey will continue.

.

Completely devour, everything in this world.
