Everything met its end–

And then, it moved to the story of the beginning.

.

–Due to the power of the “Re_Birthday” that had come too early, Adam, Eve, Gammon, and the “Doll Director” were all erased.

But what the twin “Irregulars” managed was both destruction…and rebirth.

.

Everything was restored to how it was.

They would do it over again once more, from the beginning.

.

Though incompletely, their wish was granted.

.

There is a certain Rule in this world.

–“The souls of those who are reincarnated have all past memories sealed”—

.

She…lost all of her memories of having been Irina, and the “Doll Director”.

Before she knew it, she was in the position of ruling an entire country.

A magic kingdom that maintained its glory, inheriting the cultural legacy of the previous era.

She was the prophet who reigned at the top.

Her name was—

.

–The queen, Alice Merry-Go-Round

.

But she knew.

That she was in the end little more than a puppet.

The ones who actually ruled the country were the members of the senate, her supposed underlings.

Even so—she had those she wanted to protect.

The ones she held in her hands—

Her adorable twin children.

.

Being in the position of receiving oracles, the queen was forbidden from having a husband.

She had to remain pure her entire life.

And she had truly, obediently followed that rule.

That was not a lie.

And yet, despite that—She became heavy with child.

The senate didn’t go along with Alice’s position that this was a virgin pregnancy.

To protect her children, she fled—but her life on the run ended after just one year.

And the babies she gave birth to were—

.

Ten-odd years passed.

The queen told the senate of a new prophecy.

“A total death with visit this world one day”.

.

To avert that, what they needed was—

.

–The “Twins of God”.

.

The senate started planning to artificially create the reincarnations of the dragon god LeviaBehemo.

The one that they entrusted with running this “Project Ma” was—

The most skilled scientist in Magic Kingdom Levianta, Adam Moonlit.

.

The “Original Sin Story” begins once more.

History will repeat itself many times.

The “Twins of God” that will eventually be born will unleash the “Seven Deadly Sins” upon the world.

And so—

.

This karma of “evil” is not over.
