The predecessor《Daughter of Evil — Clôture of Yellow》Info

Evillious Region · Lucifenia Kingdom. The ruler of the kingdom was only a 14-year-old girl, Riliane. She used her own absolute power to crush the people and never forgive anyone who dares to defy her.

The enraged people formed an uprising army led by a “red swordswoman”, they initiated a revolt against the Lucifenian government. The revolution was a success and the “Daughter of Evil” was publicly executed.

—— At the same time, the stage shifted in the green country, Elphegort.

Prologue

Long long time ago, there was a green country.

There, whether young or old, they have green hair.

However, only one young girl, her hair was white.

The people of the green country who loved to bully her, squeezed her out.

The lonely white-haired girl walked into the forest.

“Please give me friends”, she prayed to the tree in the forest.

The Tree God was very sympathetic to the white-haired girl.

A friend is what will be given to her.

The Tree God made a body and gave birth to a girl.

A very beautiful girl with green hair.

The two girls became good friends.

The Daughter of the Tree——“Wooden Girl”’s beauty has been a crowd favorite.

Soon, the king of the other side of the sea asked her to marry him.

The Yellow Queen was not very happy with this.

The Queen sent an army to the Green Country.

The “Wooden Girl” died in their hands.

The white-haired girl shed a tear before the corpse of the “Wooden Girl”

When her tears dripped to the “Wooden Girl”’s body,

The unthinkable happened ——the young girl’s corpse turned into a small sapling.

The small sapling gradually grew up.

And would always be there in the forest.

And they lived happily ever after.

—— From the Freesis Fairytale 《Wooden Girl》——
