The boundary between the ground world and the Hellish Yard was erased by the destruction of the world.

As a result of that, the Master of the Hellish Yard, Gumillia, became able to go to the ground world…but perhaps it didn’t mean much to be able to go up there when it was already destroyed.

She would have to do something about it—that was what she figured.

First Gumillia reunited with her old friend Michaela. This was to talk with her, now that she had become the inheritor of the great land god.

A single bat joined them. That was the sun god who lived in heaven, Sickle.
Heaven, the ground world, and the Hellish Yard…It was a “meeting of the three worlds” by their respective guardians.

The outcome they decided on—was to “leave the world’s future in humanity’s hands”.

Though, if they didn’t do anything at all the souls were likely to just keep wandering the ground world forever.

So they decided to do the barest minimum of assistance.

Chiefly important was to erase as much as they could of the “influence of the Second Period”, which could become a hindrance to them.

No matter what conclusion this world reached, it needed to be one decided by those who were born in this world, the “Third Period”.

The souls of the Millennium Tree Forest likely wouldn’t pose much of a problem, but still they were being managed for now by the previous great land god, Held.

The main cause behind the world being cast into chaos—the “Vessels of Deadly Sin” and the “Demons of Deadly Sin”—wound up being left under Michaela’s observation. Only the “Demon of Wrath”, Seth, continued to work alongside Gumillia as he had been doing up to this point. He was necessary for Gumillia to carry out the role that she needed to perform, after all.

That role was the capture of the “Deadly Sin Contractors”, who had obtained power from the “Demons of Deadly Sin”. Now that they were souls, thanks to their imaginative power they were able to make use of the abilities of the “demons” just as they had in life. That was without a doubt an “influence of the Second Period”, and so she could not just let these contractors run free.

And, Sickle—had dispatched an “Irregular” that had been under his care—Allen—down to the ground world. Sickle must have been wanting to make him in charge of resurrecting the world, as the boy had studied all of the history of the “Third Period”,

Why Allen? –This world was created by the scientists of the “Second Period”. As well as its laws of cause and effect…and its rules.
But after a short time had passed after the birth of the “Third Period”, some beings started being born who were outside of those rules. The general term for them was “Irregular”.

Allen, Riliane—children who had been born between a mud doll and a human. Something that was by all rights impossible.

There were some who feared their existence. The “Demon of Envy” Rahab Barisol, for example, believed that there was a chance a wide-scale “formatting” event would occur if Allen and Riliane’s souls were to reunite.

But Gumillia doubted this theory. Riliane and Allen had “met” before in life—the very moment that they were born, in fact.

So then, wouldn’t the world have been erased in that moment?

–In contrast to Rahab, Sickle apparently held high expectations for the possibilities that an “Irregular” held. Perhaps he thought them suitable for the creation of a new world specifically because they were beings outside the rules of the “Second Period”.

.

In the initial idea, they planned to first have Allen meet with the main “Deadly Sin Contractors”.

In actuality, opinions on what to do with these “Deadly Sin Contractors” had differed at first in the “meeting of the three worlds”. This was because they were ones who had strongly received “influence of the Second Period”, but at the same time they were also undoubtedly “humans who had lived in the Third Period”.

In the end, they decided on confining them to the Hellish Yard, but that was itself merely a temporary measure. They had planned to have Allen decide what to ultimately do with them.

For that reason Allen would meet with the contractors. As soon as he had achieved that, Gumillia would capture the contractors one by one—That was the arrangement.

…But Allen completely ignored Sickle’s directions and headed to the “graveyard” with Michaela to retrieve Nemesis’ body.

Once she had learned of Allen’s intentions through communication with Michaela, Gumilla also decided to change her plans and assist him.

For—reuniting with Nemesis’ soul had been her fondest wish for many long years.
