–Gumillia had only told Allen that she was “searching for the Deadly Sin Contractors who had escaped from hell”, leaving out the details from the “meeting of the three worlds”. That had been Sickle’s decision.

…Don’t like it.

Gumillia thought to herself as she walked through the Hellish Yard, carrying two women in her arms.

Sickle…Everything was dressed up in pretty words…but the facts are full of contradictions.

The idea was to erase the “influence of the Second Period”—but if so, didn’t she, Michaela, and Sickle also fall under that “influence”?
In the end, she didn’t like that Sickle wasn’t going along with their own line of thinking.

Sickle values protecting the “Rules” above all other things—that’s what Michaela told me.

But if that were the case…why hand the world over to a being like Allen who was outside the Rules?

Or rather…”Because” he’s outside of the rules. Perhaps Sickle is trying to restore things to that framework by putting them under the management of an “Irregular”—

–Riliane was still struggling in her grip.

“Put me down already! You brute!”

They were already in the center of the Hellish Yard. There was no longer any need to restrain her further.

Gumillia released her, and Riliane then fell face-first onto the ground.

“…. You could have put me down more gently!”

“Nothing but complaints, as usual.”

“…? Do I…know you? –Take off that mask and show me your face!”

“No. You wouldn’t recognize me, by my face anyhow.”

Under the mask—her true face was different from the one that Riliane knew.

The crewmembers that had been on the spaceship “Climb One”…among their number had been a female researcher named Gumillia.

She had returned now to the face she had back then.
“I’ll tell you my name. I—am Gumillia. I was once the apprentice of the sorceress Elluka.”

“…Ah, I remember. You were there back then. Though you didn’t talk much.”

“Let’s go quickly. Others are waiting.”

Gumillia pushed on ahead, pulling Riliane forcibly by the arm.

.

–“The Judgment Door”.

When the souls of the dead passed through it, they would head off to either Heaven or Hell.

She could see three people standing before it. They were still a ways off, so she couldn’t clearly see their faces.

“And those are?” Riliane asked Gumillia.

“’Deadly Sin Contractors’—to be accurate, the people with best ‘compatibility’ with the ‘Demons of Deadly Sin’.”

“…What a roundabout way of speaking.”

“In these three, two of them didn’t actually contract with a demon. So calling them ‘Deadly Sin Contractors’ itself, is incorrect.”

“If they’re not contractors then wouldn’t there be no need to lock them up here?”

“But, the fact remains they are sinful people, with deep connection to the demons—Just like you and Prim.”

“…”

The people before the door appeared to have noticed them. A woman in a red kimono raced over.

Upon seeing that face for herself, Riliane unthinkingly let out a scream.

“Gah! Y-you’re…Sudou Kayo!”

Hearing her name called, Kayo curiously looked at Riliane.

“Dear me…You know of me, young foreign miss?”

“Ch, don’t play dumb—Oh, that’s right. You wouldn’t know me looking like this.”

Riliane employed her imagination, and instantaneously changed her clothes.

–From her princess dress to the kimono of a town girl.

And as she did, she altered her manner of speaking to match.

“Look. Surely you remember now, with me in this outfit?”

“…My my! Are you Rin-chan of the Miroku family!?”

“So you finally remember. …Though my face hasn’t changed a bit.”

“Long time no see. Are you well?”

“Of course I’m not well! That you even have the gall to ask! –You killed me.”

“That’s true…I’m sorry,” Kayo said, deeply bowing her head.

“…”
She said her apology with such sincerity that Riliane was unable to come up with any more words of reproach.

In place of Riliane’s retorts, Gumillia spoke up to Kayo. “Are you, feeling better?”

“Yes, ‘Master of the Hellish Yard’. I think the air aboveground didn’t agree with me, and it made me a little confused…But I’m much calmer now.”

“I see, that’s good. …Are the other two behaving?”

“Yes…For now. Though I’m a little bothered by the Duke-sama’s constant attempts to talk to me.”

“…Venomania’s not changed. The gall, to make passes at his own descendant.”

The two remaining by the door slowly started to walk their way.

Riliane was shocked once more.

“My beloved Kyle!? –Wait, no.”

They looked alike, but they were different people.

He was the Dark Star Bureau Director Gallerian Marlon.

“…What is this—One acquaintance after another.”

Having come close enough, Gallerian saw Riliane and gave her a curious expression. “—You there. Have we met somewhere? You look familiar…”

“…Sigh.”
After Riliane sighed she once more changed clothes.

This time she was in a red coat and a red cap.

“–! You’re—‘Postman’!”

“Exactly. It’s been a while, Gallerian.”

“So you…were a girl. And you can talk?”

“I became able to talk. After you died.”

“…Where is Ma now?”

“Don’t know.”

–The other man, Duke Venomania, looked to Riliane first. Then he saw Prim, still unmoving in Gumillia’s arms, and he snickered.

“Two women this time, huh. We don’t need any more men here, but women’ll get a warm welcome from me.”

Riliane had never met him directly, but she had caught his name in history books.

So this is Duke Venomania. He’s exactly the lech history says he was. …Let’s keep from getting close to him.

Gumillia conjured up a humble chair with her imagination and sat Prim down in it.

“This makes five. Next—Banica Conchita,” she muttered, then turning to Kayo.

“Kayo. I trust you, to take over watching after them.”
“As you like.”

After seeing Kayo nod in agreement, Gumillia looked up.

“—Wait a second, Master of the Hellish Yard.”

The one who moved to stop her was Gallerian.

“You need something, Gallerian?”

“Why are you capturing ‘Deadly Sin Contractors’?”

“That’s self-evident. To capture those who escape from hell—is my role.”

“Oh? Leaving aside Venomania and that black-haired woman sitting over there, I’ve never seen these other two in hell.”

“…Very well, I’ll tell you the truth. It was what the Sun God decided. He ordered me, to watch over you so you don’t do anything rash.”

“God…Hey now. I didn’t take you for the type to obediently follow along with what that bat tells you to do.” Gallerian glowered at Gumillia. “It’s no use trying to pull the wool over a judge’s eyes, Master of the Hellish Yard. You—are trying to protect us, aren’t you?”

“…”

“But in my opinion…this is a lukewarm attempt.”

At some point, Gallerian had been clutching a gavel in his hand.
“Do you think they’ll give up just by tossing us into the Hellish Yard? They’ll chase us down here—Just like this!” he shouted.

Then, he struck the earth hard with the gavel.

The ground cracked open in a radiating fissure starting from that point.

“Wh-what did you do!?”

The answer to Riliane’s question became clear soon enough.

A green-haired girl floated out from within the crack.

Upon seeing her, Gumillia’s face twisted under the mask.

“Tch. So you’ve already gotten in. ‘Sleep Princess’—Eve Moonlit!”

Appearing to have judged this was an emergency situation, Kayo conjured up two pairs of scissors in her hands.

She wielded them like weapons, and leaped at the Sleep Princess.

–However.

Someone flew up before the Sleep Princess and stood in the way to shield her.

…It was Prim, who should have stopped being able to move with her time frozen.

She tightly grasped both of Kayo’s arms.

“Ghk…She’s too strong.”

Prim’s eyes were open, but they seemed devoid of consciousness.

Gumillia reasoned that she must have been controlled by the Sleep Princess’ “hypnosis” ability.
…Not good. One false move and everyone here, may end up being controlled—

Behind the Sleep Princess, Gallerian folded his arms and grinned boldly.

“Hmph, you’re quite unprepared, Master of the Hellish Yard. –And, it seems you’re somewhat mistaken.”

“…?”

“She—is not Eve.”

“–!? Then who—”

“She is my beloved daughter. Michelle has borrowed Eve’s power and made it her own.”

“And here I thought you’d say something useful…It seems you’re already, caught up in Eve’s spell.”

“It makes no difference to me if you don’t believe. But—that doesn’t change the trouble you’re all in!”

Gallerian conjured a gun in his hand, then started firing it at Gumillia and the others.

“Eek!”

Riliane fell to the ground, cowering.

“…”

Gumillia assessed their gap in battle potential with the current situation as she dodged the bullets.

…Riliane probably won’t be much use. She did contract with the demon of ‘Pride’, but she never used its power in life. Kayo…has her hands full with Prim.

Kayo had thrown off Prim’s hands and was slashing at her over and over. But Prim deftly dodged each time.

Thinking on the difference in physical ability between them when they were alive, Kayo should have been much stronger than Prim. But right now the two of them were mere souls—Perhaps Prim had been released from her mental limiters by the Sleep Princess’ power.

Then I should leave Gallerian to Venomania, and take on Eve myself—

Just then, Venomania evaded the bullets with a grin and approached Prim.

“You’re in my way, Duke-sama! Please step aside!”

“Come now, it’s not nice for a woman to be swiping those things around. …Even a married woman like yourself,” Venomania said, seizing Prim’s arms. “I don’t like to see women fight each other.”

His eyes began to bewitchingly shine.

“Let’s—stop now.”

“…Okay.”

Prim’s cheeks reddened, and she dashed into Venomania’s embrace.

Gumillia watched this go on with amazement.

He controlled Prim with his “Lust” magic!? Good grief…

So, the Sleep Princess’ hypnosis could be counteracted by Venomania’s lust spell—

Gallerian appeared to notice this as well.

“…Michelle. Enough with the hypnosis. Use ‘gift’.”
“Got it, Papa.”

A mist began to emit from the Sleep Princess. A deadly green poison that would put everything to sleep.

However—

“…Papa, it’s no good. My mind is…turning to Eve…”

“What!?”

“I—I am…the Sleep Princess…I am…”

The Sleep Princess crouched on the spot, and at the same time the mist disappeared.

Gallerian ran to her.

“That’s enough. Don’t overdo it. Any more and you’ll lose yourself.”

“Okay…I’m sorry.”

“…Seems we’re at a disadvantage.” Gallerian looked around them. “Michelle, let’s draw back for now. Are you…able to destroy the barrier?”

“…Yeah. It’ll just take one more.”

Thunder suddenly boomed through the Hellish Yard.

There was a flash blindingly bright—and when it had cleared, Gallerian and the Sleep Princess were gone.

“–They got away,” Gumillia muttered, annoyed.

When she did, the mask that she was wearing suddenly started to laugh.

“Ha ha hah, they broke the barrier so easily. It was improvised after all, so I suppose there’s nothing for it.”

“This isn’t a laughing matter, Seth. –That damned Gallerian. So he was in league with Gammon.”

“Looks that way. Well then…What do you intend to do now?”

“It’s obvious. I have to bring him back here again.”

“And the other ‘Deadly Sin Contractors’ with him.”

“…?”

Gumillia abruptly looked around her.

…Venomania, Kayo, Prim, and Riliane. She finally realized that all of them had vanished.

Seth laughed again.

“They must have been pulled back up to the ground world by gravity. Bound to happen, now that the barrier’s been destroyed.”

“…Sigh. I guess I’ll, start over again.”

“We’ll have to fix the barrier first. Otherwise we have no place to lock them up.”

“…We don’t have much time.”

“I know. So let’s get started.”
