Without any time to really understand what was going on she’d been taken down to the Hellish Yard, and now she’d been pulled back to the ground world.

Riliane looked around in confusion.

–It appeared that she was in the middle of some town. There were a lot of buildings lined up around her.

Although these were all little more than illusions.

“I wonder where this is. I’ve never seen buildings like this in Jakoku.”

Kayo was the one who spoke up then.

So, she had been blown to the ground world along with Riliane.

“…Where are the others?” Riliane asked.

Kayo pointed to the right. “The Duke-sama is over there.”

They could see Venomania there, surrounded by many women.

“–Lord Venomania~Welcome home!”

“Yes, good to be back, all my honeys. Did you have any problems while I was gone?”

“These men in ~sorta weird clothes attacked the town~ But when they learned you were gone they went back right away~”

“I see. I’m glad you’re all safe, at any rate.”

“Eeek! I was so worried about you, Lord Venomania~!”

Riliane and Kayo watched with unamused expressions.

“…I guess this place must be the Duke-sama’s hometown.”

“So we’re in Asmodean. Then—”

Riliane started to walk with the sun at her back.

“Please wait, Rin-chan,” Kayo called to stop her.

But Riliane ignored her and pressed on ahead.

Still, Kayo continued to try to speak to her as she chased to catch up. “Where will you go?”

“It’s got nothing to do with you.”

“…”

“Don’t you get loopy when you’re in the ground world? You should head back to the Hellish Yard pronto, don’t you think?”

“Are you worried about me? Thank you.”

“That’s not why I said it!”

“It’s not? –Still, I think I’ll be alright this time, since we’re not near Jakoku.”

“Great.”

“…If you’re planning to look for Gallerian and that girl, please reconsider.”

Riliane finally came to a stop at her grave tone. “—Why? You trying to tell me I wouldn’t stand a chance against them?”
“That’s right. They’re not the kind of people a weak girl like you could best.”

“You’re a woman too.”

“I am. But I am much stronger than you are. …You know that well, don’t you?”

“…Grr.”

It was annoying, but it wasn’t wrong.

Kayo kindly smiled and put a hand on Riliane’s shoulder.

“—That’s why I’ll come along. To atone for what I did to you.”

“…”

She wasn’t enthusiastic about that suggestion, but she also had no reason to refuse.

It was best to have as many dependable allies as possible.

“…Alright. I’ll hire you on as my bodyguard.”

“Really!? I’m so happy.” Overjoyed, Kayo stood next to Riliane. “Well then, let’s get moving shall w—”

“Wait a secoooond!”

As they heard a shout, someone landed next to them from the air.

“I’m going too!”
It was Venomania, with wings sprouting from his back.

“Wh-why are even you suddenly…”

Venomania grasped Riliane’s hand in both of his as she stood there, confused. “Helping a woman in trouble—that is only natural for a man to do.”

“I’m not really in trouble.”

“That right? That girl who appeared in the Hellish Yard seemed able to control people’s minds. And the only person who can oppose that…is me, yes?”

“…It looks that way.”

“And I don’t much care for that Gallerian. Especially his face. He looks a lot like the guy who killed me. I don’t know the situation well, but at the very least I want to hit him.”

…I should probably make sure he never meets Kyle.

RIliane had been planning to return to Lucifenia temporarily and see what was going on there first, but she decided to call that off.

“That makes three. This is shaping up to be a lively trip, hahaha,” Kayo laughed cheerfully. “—Well then, Rin-chan. Where are we headed?”

“That would be—"

Riliane pulled out a doll from her pocket and tightly squeezed it in her arms.
