Once they arrived in Beelzenia, Allen and Nemesis were stunned at the scenery before them.

“That’s—a ‘Blackbox’!?”

The wreckage of the enormous device lay tumbled over the ground.

And an even larger skeleton giant was sleeping with it as a pillow, letting out thunderous snores.

“Er, and that is—”

“The ‘Worldeater’, Allen. One of the dead soldiers that serve Banica. And…a former forest spirit.”

“I see, so that’s Worldeater. This is my first time seeing him in person. I didn’t realize he’d be this big–Oop, looks like he’s waking up.”

The Worldeater sat up and looked at Allen and Nemesis.

“…Who’re you? Yer voices are a jumbling racket in my ears.”

Allen unthinkingly took a step back at that echoing boom of a voice.

“Long time no see, Eater,” Nemesis greeted the giant calmly.

“Ah!? …Do I know you?”

“—If I said I was Levia would that ring a bell?”

“Never heard of ya.”

“…So, you haven’t remembered that far, huh. Then—what about Elluka?”

“Hmph…Ah! Yer that sorceress! Ya look really different.”

“Well, you know how it is. –What on earth happened to this black box?” she asked while pointing at the remains of the ‘Blackbox’.

“This? It came here with some soldiers, so I crushed it. Lich told me to.”

“So that means…you aren’t a soul either.”

“I’m a dead soldier. I have been since before the world got blew up. …I mean, my body did get all scattered for a bit, but Lich made me a new one with mud.”

“And where is Lich now?”

“He’s in the mansion with Lady Banica and the others.”

“Could you show us inside?”

“Sure.”

Eater sluggishly stood up and started to walk.

“Let’s go with him,” Nemesis said as she began walking too. Allen followed behind her.

“…Despite his appearance he seems pretty docile,” Allen whispered to Nemesis as he looked up at Eater from behind.
“Eater’s a good kid. He’s just clumsy, and he’s never really had many friends. –Aside from Lich. The two of them were…childhood friends, so I’ve heard. More than that I can’t say.”

“I see…”

Eventually a red-walled mansion came into view.

.

–Banica Conchita was in the middle of eating, but when she saw Allen and Nemesis she stopped moving her fork.

“—You over there,” she said, pointing at Nemesis with her fork. “You look pretty hungry. …If you like, you should have some.”

Banica gripped a plate with food on it and hurled it at her.

Nemesis soundly caught it, and then looked at what was on it.

…On the plate was some sort of eight-legged animal, charred black.

“—I’ll have to decline. It’s an illusion, so it wouldn’t fill my stomach anyhow.”

“Oh? Shouldn’t you ought to stop thinking with common sense? The ‘Rules’ of this world have already widely diverged from the ones that you know—Isn’t that right, twin dragon god Levia?”

“…Huh. You could tell my real identity from only a glance.”

“It’s not me. Vlad, inside me, knows about you.”
Vlad—that was the name of the demon that was “eaten” by Banica.

Thanks to that deed, she herself had become the “Demon of Gluttony”. A rare being that was a “contractor” and a “demon” both—that was Banica.

“But my current appearance is different from the one Vlad knows,” Nemesis argued, and Banica’s brows slightly drew in.

“True. That body is the spitting image of your old apprentice, Gumillia…No, this kind of thing isn’t limited to just you two. As I have lived in the glass I have seen people with similar faces born through the ages countless times over. –The people of this world. There are surprisingly few patterns to their appearances. And now this happens.”

“…”

“And what’s more—you are, of course, the one who destroyed the world. But before you did, many bizarre changes were occurring throughout it. For example, the failure of the rule regarding one’s inherited genetics. The father of the physical body you inhabit was Marlon, and your mother was Jakokuan, correct?”

“Yet I was born with green hair…a feature of the Elphe people.”

“You having that appearance is two inexplicable events in one. …We, each having memories as a crewmember of the ‘Climb One’, need to treat this quite a bit more seriously—don’t you think so?”

Nemesis tossed the plate of food off to the side, her expression severe.

“What are you trying to say?”
“This world is not the one that the ‘gods’ were once trying to create. –To my eyes it looks far more incomplete than that. It’s full of peculiarities…But the people of this world don’t think anything of it. For, having known no other world, these things are common sense to them.”

Banica gave a somewhat lonely smile.

“My servants…Arte and Pollo are the same way. The two of them are the ‘Twins of God’, and yet they are still only beings that were born in this world. So it’s quite fortunate that I was able to meet Lich and Eater. However…I would like to let Arte and Pollo know of the world outside this too, if I can—That’s how what I’ve started to think lately.”

“…I don’t much care for this. You’re talking as though you yourself are one of the ‘gods’. You may have Vlad’s memories, but you’re still little more than a resident of the ‘Third Period’, Banica.”

“If you’re going make that claim, that applies to you as well, doesn’t it? You may have originally been a ‘god’, but currently you are a mere human. Aside from being ageless you have no other redeeming features.”

Allen could sense a hostile air between the two of them.

Perhaps it was best to change the subject before this escalated to a brawl.

“We saw that the Tasan army attacked here too,” he cut in, speaking to Banica.

“Indeed. Lich and Eater came back to help me. As you can expect it was a bit much to bear for Arte and Pollo alone to take on the might of their forces.”
…Conversely, from the looks of things those two had managed to repel both the army and the “Blackbox” all on their own.

“Where is Mr. Lich now?”

“Do you have some business with him? I’ll call him over.”

Banica clapped her hands and a man immediately came out from an interior room.

“You summoned me, Lady Banica?”

“This boy wishes to speak with you,” she said, pointing at Allen.

“Oh my…Well well.” Lich gave a smile of satisfaction. “So now Allen Avadonia has made his debut. And—with Levia along. Today is quite a bustling one, hm.”

“Mr. Lich, and Lady Banica. You both once lived in the theater in the forest for a time. Do you know of where its former residents are now?”

Lich and Banica shared a look, appearing to be signaling something to each other. Eventually Lich nodded to Banica, and then replied, “The ‘Doll Director’, ‘Gardener’, and ‘Gear’ are all still residing in the theater. The ‘Master of the Graveyard’—in other words, Lady Banica—is right before you now. As for the ‘Sorceress of Time’ and the ‘Waiter’…That we don’t know.”

“They haven’t visited or–?”

“No.”

“…I see.”

Allen knew that Riliane had been called the “Waiter” in the theater.

I guess even here there’s no clues on Riliane.

His shoulders slumped.

“Is that all you needed? In that case—”

“Wait a second.” This time it was Nemesis who asked Lich a question. “Lich. What do you—intend to do now?”

“…I don’t know what you mean by that question.”

“What will you do with this world? You—experimented on Arth to make a mud human, didn’t you?”

“Ah…Ha ha, I did do that. That wound up being even more of a masterpiece than I had imagined. To think, I made him well enough to even have a child with a human—”

“You never could stand that it was Behemo who created the bodies for the humans in this world. And it’s because of your antagonism towards him, having once been your assistant, that even after becoming a spirit you continued to try to make a new race of humanity. You becoming Banica’s underling was also to research dead soldiers, wasn’t it?”

“…”
“But in the end you were never able to surpass Behemo. You were unable to make any new ‘works’ that were better than Arth.”

“…Did you just come here to mock me?”

The smile had left Lich’s face.

“That’s not my intention. Only—I just figured that our current situation might be the chance you’ve been waiting for.”

“What do you mean?”

“Everyone in the world has lost their physical bodies from ‘Punishment’. So if you were to prepare new bodies for all of them—”

“You’re saying I could become a ‘god’ of the new world. …Unfortunately I have no plan on doing that.”

“…”

“Certainly, I did once hold such aspirations…But I’ve come to enjoy serving Lady Banica far more than I had anticipated. I have lived in this world for many long years, but I have never found any other woman who holds as much appeal as she does. To just stay with Banica as I am now—I think I’d be satisfied with that outcome.”

“Huh…I see. –I’m relieved.”

“…?”

“If you were to try to become a ‘god’, I’d want to stop you with all of my might.”

“…Heheheh, sounds just like you.”
Appearing to grow bored of their conversation, Banica abruptly stood up from her chair.

“Is the talk concluded? –Then shall we head out now?”

She once more clapped her hands.

This time her twin servants came racing out from further in.

“You called us!?”

“Lady Banica!”

“What’s your report, Arte, Pollo?”

Between the twins it was the boy—Pollo—who spoke first. “Right, we have soundly finished torturing the captured Tasan soldiers! They’ve said that ‘Evils Theater’ is still floating as it was before, in the same spot.”

“I see—then let’s head over there.”

Allen walked up to the other servant…Arte, and spoke to her in a low voice. “—What’s going on, Ney?”

“…Ah!? You’re—Allen!? What are you doing here—”

“Well, let’s just leave that be for now…Do you really plan to go to ‘Evils Theater’?”

Allen had called Arte Ney; that was her other name.

Like Riliane, she was also a being that could reincarnate.

Once she was Gretel, another time she was Arte.
And…her name when she had worked in the Lucifenian palace alongside Allen had been Ney.

Arte looked a little shaken up, but she answered Allen’s question.

“…That’s right. Banica’s pretty ticked off that the ‘gardener’ that we’d thought of as being only good for doing odd jobs has been sending soldiers at us. So—”

“So you’re going to head over and get even with him yourself?”

Listening in on the both of them, Nemesis thoughtlessly let out a snicker. “My…That’s good to hear.” Then she turned to speak to Banica. “Banica Conchita! –Is it alright if I come along with you?”

“Goodness…Why?”

“I also have a bone to pick with Gammon.”

“—You’ll give us your divine assistance, huh? That doesn’t sound too bad. …Alright. Come with us.”

“Thanks for keeping the discussion brief.”

Banica lifted her hand into the air. When she did, all the surrounding walls, decorations, the table, and the meals laid out on top of it all vanished in an instant.

“I was getting tired of living in an illusory mansion anyway. …This is perfect. We’ll take over the theater and then make it our new home.”

Banica started to walk north, and Lich, Eater, Nemesis, Arte, and Pollo followed after her.
–But Arte quickly stopped and turned around.

And then, noticing Allen waving as though to see all of them off, she pulled back to his side.

“Allen…Aren’t you coming?”

“I have other business to take care of. –I have to find Riliane.”

“Riliane? Isn’t she in Lucifenia?”

“The same forces that came here also went to Lucifenia. Riliane escaped from them and went missing.”

“…I see. Do you have any leads?”

“I came here looking for some… Well, I guess I’ll try going around the whole Evillious region until I get a hint.”

On hearing that, Arte appeared to be pondering something.

“Hmm…Hey, Allen?”

“What is it?”

“I think you ought to come with us after all.”

“No, I just said that I—”

“I just remembered, with Riliane’s personality…You think she’ll just keep running away from the people targeting her forever?”

“…Ah.”
Not a chance.

.

–Ultimately Allen decided to join Banica’s troupe.

Believing that Riliane was also heading for their destination…

.

Their goal was “Evils Theater”.

At last, the time had come to settle the score.
