When a man appeared before him, Adam tried to intimidate with a hand-made harpoon.

“Get out of here, now!”

That was because Adam knew from experience that the kind of people who would come to an orphan’s shabby dwelling were primarily bandits or some form of beggar.

But the bespectacled man showed no sign of moving, even as the tip of the harpoon was thrust towards him.

“What a strong-willed boy you are,” he said with a glib smile on his face. “Relax. I’ve no plans to steal anything from you in the least.”

Looking closer, the man was wearing obviously high-quality clothing, and he didn’t appear to have any weapons on him.

“…Then what’s your business? Who are you?”

Still on guard, Adam lowered his weapon.

“My name is Horus Solntse. I am the best scientist in this country.”

“A scientist? What would someone like that want with me?”

“I’ve come to adopt you. Under…orders from your mother.”

“M…my mother?” Adam was clearly shocked when these words reached his ears. “I…have a mother? My mother is alive?”

“Yes, of course. She’s been looking for you all this time out of worry for you, Adam my boy.”
“Wh-where is my mother? Where is she!?”

“At the Twelve Royal Capitals. It’s not that far from here. I’ll take you there now.”

“Y-yes!”

Young Adam was carried away by Horus’ cajoling and quite readily agreed to go with him.

…But at that moment.

An enormous white whale suddenly popped up above the ocean’s surface.

It was the whale Catherine, who had been Adam’s parental substitute.

“—You musn’t go with that man, Adam,” Catherine said to him. “He’s lying. He has no intention of taking you to your mother.”

Adam once more grew agitated at those words.

Catherine had always accepted everything Adam said.

Up to this point she had never raised any objection to his actions.

So then, why—

“You’re being deceived, Adam,” Horus cut in. “This thing is a wicked creature. The whale is…a familiar of Held.”

“Held?”
“An evil god that lives in the forest. It was trying to take over you and plunge your soul into darkness.”

“I-is that…true, Catherine?” Adam asked the whale.

“…It’s true that I was once a small fish who lived in an underground lake in the forest of Held. But—”

“You tricked me!”

Adan hurled the harpoon he’d been carrying at Catherine.

The tip pierced the whale’s brow, and she let out a cry of pain.

“Ough…Please calm down, Adam. I—"

“That’s right! It’s really obvious when I think about it! A whale couldn’t be my mother!”

“…”

Adam had lost his head at having the identity of his true mother revealed to him.

And so perhaps he was no longer able to make sound decisions.

Giving a sidelong glance to Catherine, who had fallen silent, Adam ended up going to the Twelve Royal Capitals with Horus.
