There were no complaints about Adam becoming the new director from about the ten other researchers there.

Adam’s knowledge and ability from being raised under Horus’ tutelage from a young age was something everyone had already seen for themselves.

Around this point Adam himself had developed an interest in the legacy pieces that were so filled with mystery, and even came to enjoy researching how to better use them.

But at the same time, he was also dejected that these would become tools for political conflict among those with authority.

Did Father feel the same way? Adam thought to himself.

The truth that Horus had told Adam before he left.

I’m…the son of the queen…

It continued to smolder in the corner of his heart.

.

One day, the man named Gammon who was head of the peacekeeping force visited the institute.

“I’m seeking Sir Horus’ whereabouts,” Gammon informed Adam.

Adam looked at him doubtfully. “I hardly think that’s the job of the chief of the peacekeeping forces. And my father left on his own, looking for a place to die.”

“Are you saying it’s uncouth of me to deliberately seek him out?”
“Yes. And he’s probably already…breathed his last.”

“If he’s dead then at the very least I want to have a proper mourning service for him, so that he might rest easy.”

Gammon’s reason for persisting on the matter with Horus—Adam knew quite well.

He took out the list of names from the drawer in his desk, and then opened up one of its pages to show Gammon.

–And then the other man understood everything.

“So you know. Of the relationship between Horus and I.”

“You were plotting with my father to start some kind of anti-government coup. I imagine it would be quite unfortunate for you if that went public.”

Even moreso considering Gammon was not only the head of the peacekeeping force but also the son of the senate head.

“Are you trying to threaten me?”

Gammon glowered at him, but Adam shook his head with a smirk.

“As-if. The existence of this list isn’t terribly convenient for me either.”

If the senate were to learn of his father’s true nature, it could very likely spell disaster for Adam.

Gammon seemed to grasp this, but he still showed no sign of relaxing the tension on his face.

“…Then I wonder which side you plan to stand on? Will you take on Sir Horus’ will, or—”

“Frankly, I haven’t decided yet. I did respect my father, but at the same time I also hated him. And there are…several things to consider, for me personally.”

“…?”
“Well, let’s try to get along, for now. Perhaps this may end up to be mutually agreeable for us both…Ah, would you like some coffee?”

Gammon wordlessly nodded at Adam’s suggestion.

.

Adam and Gammon would meet up from time to time after that.

As they moved ahead in their interactions, Adam came to learn more and more what kind of man this Gammon Loop Octopus was.

Despite being the eldest born son of the Loop Octopus family, as he was magically impotent he had been shunned by his father, and ultimately cast out of his inheritance.

Even so he tirelessly studied guns and swordsmanship, and managed to rise to the rank of chief of the peacekeeping forces.

However, at present it seemed he couldn’t hope to get any farther than that, after all…

More interestingly, despite being unable to use magic he had been born possessing a strange ability.

“—Every so often I see dreams. Purple dreams,” a red-faced Gammon had blurted out while they were drinking wine together at a bar. “And whatever I see in those dreams will come true a few days later.”

“Wow, so you’ve got prophetic dreams.”

“I guess I have the power of being an ‘Inheritor of Rahab’…To tell the truth, all the people of the Loop Octopus family have it to some degree or another—You know what that means?”
“Nnope…”

“The queen has her position by hearing the ‘voice of the gods’, and then telling it to people via a prophecy. But my family can predict the future too, though our methods may differ. In other words—”

And there Gammon drank up his wine, and said to Adam with resolve:

“—We don’t need a queen.”

“…”

So then, this must have been one of the reasons for Gammon’s anti-authority sentiments.

That there was no reason why a man like himself who has such powers…the same power that is needed for the ruler of this country, to be sputtering away at his current status.

He hadn’t declared it outright, but it sounded as though he was plotting to become the king of the country in place of the queen.

Adam hadn’t revealed to Gammon that he was the queen’s son. If he had known that, he probably wouldn’t have told Adam about his theory of her being unnecessary.

Adam was privately undecided on Gammon’s idea, but on the other hand he could empathize with it.

–The person who became ruler should be someone suited to the role.

All the people who live in this land are the children of god…How long would this country be bound by such a hackneyed doctrine?

What had the gods ever done for them?
Give prophecies through the queen?

But what truly saved this country were the devices born out of research into the legacy pieces…In other words, the efforts of the Royal Research Institute.

Wasn’t it time that Levianta took back the correct definition of “kingdom”?

The foundation of a royal family, and inheritance of the position based on bloodlines…

If that could come to pass there would be no more pointless squabbling within the senate.

–Then, who would be most suitable as the ruler of this country?

It would be someone who had had the blood of the current queen flowing through him, and had the most in-depth knowledge of the old artifacts that were so essential to this country…

Yes…me.

It was an outrageously ambitious idea.

There was no way it would go that smoothly, and Adam had no desire to bring about a pointless conflict to get it done.

But if I had the chance—

Gammon clapped Adam on the shoulder as he was lost in thought.

“Oi…You listening?”

“Y-yeah…Sorry. What was it again?”

“’Course you weren’t…This might be a crazy theory, but…” Gammon continued to speak, his tone shaky, “…My family can tell the future too…My Dad, Miroku, is the same. So, even if there were no queen…Even if, say, she’d died a long time ago, then no one would figure it out…”

“…Oh?”

“The queen hasn’t shown herself in public for close to twenty years.”

“That’s…because only the head of the senate is allowed to meet with her directly—”

“My father was the one who decided on that…after he became head of the senate…”

He could just say it was drunken nonsense and think nothing of it.

But if that were the truth…then that would mean that in essence Miroku was reigning over the country as its ruler.

…No, that’s an absurd notion.

His father had said it himself, hadn’t he?

The queen was being controlled with a drug.

If that were really the case, then Miroku would have no reason to kill his mother.

But…either way, the fact remains that Miroku is the one who holds all the power in this country.

He would need to meet with someone who knew the truth.

But Miroku himself would never confess to any of this.

This man here is his son, so maybe…No—if he could, he probably would have done it long ago.

Adam gave a side-eye to Gammon as he lay passed out on the floor from drink.

“Hmm…I suppose I should call it a night.”

Right as Adam put a hand on Gammon’s shoulder to wake him.

“My my. Are you…the head of the Royal Research Institute, perchance?”
There was someone approaching him, speaking up in a jovial tone.

“Yes, I am…–!?”

Adam caught his breath upon seeing this person’s face.

F-father…?

A man who looked just like Horus, who he had thought dead, stood smiling before him.

…But Adam quickly thought again.

This man appeared much younger than the real Horus.

Yes, he seemed about the same age as when Adam had first met Horus—when he had suddenly appeared there on the beach.

“Is there something on my face?” the bespectacled man asked, head tilting curiously.

“N-no…What business do you have with me?”

“Right. I was planning on going up to the institute tomorrow…What luck to run into you here in a place like this. That blue hair…I could tell it was you right away, you have those same features my mentor told me about.”

The man put his hands on his hips, and began his introduction.

“My name is Seth Twiright. I am the top apprentice of Horus Solntse—And the best scientist in this country.”
