About a year had passed since Horus went missing.

Adam and Gammon received a summons from the senate.

Then they were ordered by senate head Miroku to carry out Project ‘Ma’.

.
–On his way back to the research institute, he caught sight of parents walking with their child along the road.

A normal, happy-looking family.

But that was something that Adam had been unable to obtain, no matter how he wished for it.

Now he had grown up and become director of the research institute.

He had come to gain both a degree of freedom and enough money that he could live comfortably.

Perhaps he ought…to be happy just at being able to live this way.

.

Emptiness.

He was hollow.

The things he’d needed in his heart to satisfy him when he was young.

Adam’s heart hadn’t had them.

.

It wasn’t enough for things to be ‘as they were’.

To fill that gap inside him.

He needed to take back that which he lacked.

Success.

Victory.

And, vengeance.

Adam’s heart was starved.
He was sure that was something that other people couldn’t understand.

For even Adam himself couldn’t grasp it.

.

Having been born as a person.

To have ambition was the most natural thing in the world, wasn’t it?

To say nothing of having realized that he had what it took.

And that his chance had just fallen into his lap.

.

Yes.

Project “Ma”.

To Adam, this was a heaven-sent chance.

The peacekeeping forces and information that the government possessed.

He had been given permission to use them as he wished.

–There was no reason to not make use of it.

.

There were two things he needed to do.

.
First was to expose Miroku’s crimes.

If Adam had had his right to “live normally” stolen from him when he was born.

If Miroku had separated him from his family.

Then that made this emptiness in his heart that bastard’s fault.

He would need to punish him.

Miroku, and the people who had collaborated with him.

In order to balance the scales of his past.

In order to move on towards the future.

And, if he could, to save his mother.

.

The other thing.

To take back his lost past, he would need to get his hands on an even bigger future.

–That is, the country of Levianta itself.

That would be big enough, surely.

The foolish senate didn’t even realize.

That they had given Adam the right to select the next queen.

That was the same as entrusting him with the future of the whole country.

If he could make the next queen into his pawn.

Then Adam could even shape the politics of this country as he saw fit.
.

Adam had merely inherited Miroku’s misdeeds.

Yes, this.

Was a plan that would stain his hands with “evil”.

.

But I don’t care.

I will fill this hole in my heart.

If it’s for that—

.

I will even become “evil”.
