Seth had once been Miroku’s servant, and the culprit behind sending a baby Adam afloat on the river.

This journal has it written that there were twins…

What had happened to the other child?

The odds of them still being alive were…slim.

It was close to miraculous that Adam had managed to survive as he did.

He would need to punish Seth as well.

He’d already obtained the method to construct Venom.

His business with him was concluded.

.
–They had to keep searching for the “Mother of Gods” that would be necessary to make Project “Ma” a reality.

The information bureau found a candidate.

The Witch of Merrigod, Meta Salmhofer…

“Not her.”

They were in a room of the institute.

Gammon made his refusal with a scowl after seeing her name on the intelligence report.

“An acquaintance of yours?”

Gammon slowly shook his head at Adam’s question. “We’ve never met. But she…is a member of ‘Apocalypse’.”

“Apocalypse…That’s the name of that band of thieves based out on Merrigod Plateau, as I recall.”

“It’s not as simple as that.” Gammon opened up a drawer from the nearby desk and pulled out the list that Horus had left behind. “This name written here…Raiou Zvezda. He’s the founder of Apocalypse.”

“So you mean…This organization is connected to my father.”

“It used to be. But now it’s changed into a different organization, same in name only. Their goal…is to overturn the country through destruction.”

“Not a peaceful crew, then.”

“I’ve never met Raiou. I’ve only heard his name from Sir Horus…Apparently he turned his back on Apocalypse as it started to degrade, and fled the organization. Sir Horus told me that he’d also cut ties with Apocalypse.”
Gammon claimed that he himself had never been involved with them.

“That list of names is no more than a record of Sir Horus’ personal acquaintances. He’s made contact with people in every region who harbor anti-government sentiment.”

“I see…But isn’t the existence of the organization itself rather inconvenient for you as well?”

“That’s, well…yeah.”

It wasn’t particularly well-established, but there was a slight chance that Apocalypse could serve as a starting point for shedding light on Horus’ anti-government network.

And Gammon likely wished to quickly crush this radical organization with policies so different from his own, besides.

“Anyway, it would be entirely unreasonable to make this woman the ‘Ma’…It’s said that Meta is Pale’s lover, in the first place. She’s hardly likely to be a virgin.”

“Hmph…”

“Those assholes at the information bureau. Why would they put such a woman down on the list…?”

“Well, this is from after Ace went missing. Perhaps the information quality has gone down.”

“…Maybe.”

“But it couldn’t hurt to go meet with her, at least? If we don’t come up with some results soon, the senate’s likely to grow impatient with us.”

“No. It could devolve into a fight. Surely even you wouldn’t want to see the other researchers pointlessly sacrificed?”
“Sacrificed, huh…”

There, Seth’s face came to Adam’s mind.

An unfortunate fight breaking out during an inquiry. And a researcher getting caught up in it and dying…

He thought to himself that he wouldn’t mind such a scenario.

.

–In the end, Adam’s plan had ended in complete failure.

As predicted, the researchers who had headed out for the inquiry were caught up in the battle between Apocalypse and the peacekeeping forces.

But he’d been certain that Seth would be the only casualty of that.

He would be made to wait at point A, away from the other researchers; they’d lead Apocalypse over there, and have them attack it–

It should have been foolproof.

But when it came down to it, waiting at point A when Apocalypse attacked…were all the other researchers excluding Seth.

How had that happened?

Had it just occurred through sheer unfortunate chance, or—

Maybe Seth caught on to my plan…

.

Seth hadn’t said anything about it himself.

Rather, he’d made some encouraging speech about how “the two of us will just have to work hard from here on out!”

When it came to what he was thinking…Adam couldn’t tell in the least.
