The “Queen Test” should have been a golden opportunity to determine the present queen Alice’s state of being.

But unfortunately Eve could hardly remember anything of her meeting with her.

Adam couldn’t blame her for that, he figured. All the more considering what had happened to Zellana, the other candidate.

Eve would surely be able to complete the test safely—and it was with that thought he had seen her off, though in truth he had no basis for that.

The moment Adam was told about Zellana’s death, he immediately grew anxious about Eve.

She still hadn’t come back to the research institute.

He wondered if he ought to go get her. He was regretting sending her off to the castle alone.

.
Publicly their relationship was little more than that of the head of Project “Ma” and its candidate. He didn’t think it would go over well to be too friendly in front of strangers.

He couldn’t stop feeling uneasy.

At the same time, Adam was surprised at himself for being so worried about Eve.

…No. It’s perfectly natural. If she died then it’s back to the drawing board.

That was the reasoning he gave to justify his unsteady emotions.

–The entrance door opened.

The moment he saw Eve on the other side, Adam put a hand to his chest in shock.

He himself didn’t understand the smile that spontaneously came on his face.

“Welcome back, Eve,” he said, pulling her into his arms.

Naturally, this was just an act to pretend that they were lovers.

…Yes, it was only an act.

“…Thanks.”

Eve sounded a little bit angry.

That was understandable. He also had no intention of making excuses.

But Eve never made a move to reproach Adam after that.
