Soon, Eve’s birthing was almost upon them.

She had been moved to Alicegrad castle as her place of residence after it had been eight months since her conception. There she was placed under the care of doctors, midwives, and priests, and was made to await the birth of the “Twins of God” while under strict security.

Once he received word that Eve had gone into labor, Adam raced out of the research institute.

He eventually reached the castle as it was pitch-black outside, the sun having just set without any moon or stars visible, but he was barred from entering Eve’s room by her guards.

“We’ve been given official notice not to let in any unrelated people until the ‘Twins of God’ are born,” said a brawny guard in a deep voice.

Adam grew incensed at that.

“Unrelated?! I’m her—”
And there, remembering himself, Adam stopped talking.

Publicly, Adam was not Eve’s husband, nor was he her boyfriend.

Yes…For now, anyway.

It seemed he had no choice but to quietly withdraw.

No matter how esteemed a scientist he might be, he was a novice when it came to pregnancies.

The only thing he could do was pray outside the room for Eve’s birthing to go smoothly.

“Don’t worry, Sir Adam,” the guard patted Adam’s shoulder considerately. “The midwives and priests are in with her. …And more than that, Lady Eve has the best doctor in the country by her side.”

“So that’s…Doctor Moreno?”

“No. He drowned in the river the other day.”

“Then who?”

“That’s, er…Sorry, his name escapes me for the moment. But he’s a very young and skilled doctor. And besides, he has written authorization from the head of the senate himself. Apparently he also serves as Senator Miroku’s primary physician.”

“…Well, it doesn’t matter to me who it is. As long as she gives birth safely.”

.
–Eventually, the door to the room opened.

At that moment—Adam felt a sense of dread.

For he couldn’t hear any crying from inside the room.

Furthermore…the moment that he saw the face of the doctor who walked out that door, he felt a chill run up his spine.

“Seth…What are you doing here?”

“That should be obvious. I’m the best scientist in this country—and the best doctor, as well.”

“You must be joking—”

–Seth had never said anything of the sort, and the intelligence bureau had never given him any information on that either.

“Come on now, Adam. You mustn’t be so trusting of other people. …Did you really think you could completely buy out the information bureau?”

“…What about Eve?”

“Relax, she’s fine. The birth was difficult, but she pulled through.”

“…Then what about the children?”

“Ah, they were born—They did get born.”

Able to guess the situation by the implication lacing Seth’s words, Adam pushed him aside and entered the room.

.

Eve was smiling, holding two babies in her arms.

…No, what she was holding–

Were dusky “things” that could not be said to be babies at all.
“Adam—” Eve looked at him, her eyes shining. “—It’s Cain and Abel. Our children.”

…Eve couldn’t have known.

That the “Seed of God” planted within her.

Had some of Adam’s semen mixed into it.

“…You seem confused,” Adam said, trying to gloss that over in front of the midwives and priests. He drew closer to Eve. “Eve…give those to me.”

“Oh? Does the Papa want to hold his children? But you caaan’t. I wanna hold them a little longer.”

“…Those children aren’t breathing. They’re dead.”

“Stop kidding around. They’re both crying, nice and loud.”

“…Hand them over already!”

“—No! No! NOOOOOOOOO!”

Still holding the two things, Eve screamed and fell into a crouch.

“Eve…”

Adam turned on his heel and headed outside the room.
There he found Seth having begun to smoke a cigarette, and seized his lapel.

“Seth…You bastard–!”

“Hey now, you’ve got this all wrong…I did my job to the letter, didn’t I? After all, it was Miroku’s dearest wish that those twins be born. Naturally…it was the same for the rest of the world, too.”

“Then why—”

“It’s a stillbirth. The children died inside their mother’s womb long before they were born. …That’s all.”

“…”

Adam released Seth and hung his head.

Seth began to quietly chuckle, looking down on him.

“…What’s so funny?”

Though exhausted, Adam peered up to glare at Seth.

“Haha, face it. It’s ridiculous for you to be all depressed about this. You see, those twins died—because of you.”

“What?”

“It’s because you went overboard. Were you so sure that things would go according to your calculations? …If you really thought that, you weren’t much of a scientist after all.”

“…”

“You should be ashamed of your incompetence. And live on in regret…Relax, I won’t be telling any tall tales of what you were planning to Miroku. Despite how it might seem—I’m quite fond of you, heh heh…”

Seth left, giving off muffled laughter as he went.
