My name is Adam Solntse.

No…it’s Adam Moonlit.

I am the greatest scientist in the country…Or so I thought.

.

In the innermost seat of a bar.

As he was drinking there alone, Gammon waved from the other end and walked over.

“It’s unfortunate, but…we’ll just go back to square one,” he cut in, taking a seat.

And then he started to talk about what they would do from here one out.

“We’ll have to find another ‘Ma’ candidate—Though before that we’ll probably need to clear out the traitors in the information bureau.”

Adam listened to him, silent.

“…”

“We can’t…use Eve anymore, I assume?”

“…Yeah. She can no longer have children. And…it’s completely broken her, mentally.”
Adam had thought that Eve would return to her old self once she’d recovered from the shock of the stillbirth.

But…that hadn’t happened.

“Her…mind was weak already. From the drug. Losing her children…dealt it the finishing blow,” Adam murmured, his voice frail.

.

–Eve was currently pouring all her energy into child-rearing.

Twin children that existed only in her imagination.

No matter what Adam said to her, or how he tried to explain…

She never returned from her delusion.

.

Gammon lightly shook Adam’s shoulder.

“I know you’re upset that the plan failed…But don’t drag this out. We still have plenty of time before the ‘Gear of Twilight’ that the prophecy spoke of. We…should start over again.”

But Adam brushed his hand away and said to him, “No…I’m done. I’m withdrawing.”

“…What?”

“Seizing control of this country, revolution…I no longer have any interest in such things. You…can do whatever you want by yourself, without me.”

“…There’s no way I could carry out project ‘Ma’ by myself.”

“So just go back to your original plans of a revolt, then.”

Adam stood, looking down on Gammon.

“…Be seeing you.”

And then he turned his back on him, walking out of the bar.

.

…Naturally, Gammon couldn’t simply let Adam leave, knowing everything as he did.

To shut Adam up, he would try to kill him—and probably even Eve, too.

.

He couldn’t stay in the royal capital anymore.

He would run away.

–With Eve.
