“The missing one, right?”

He was talking about Mariam who was defeated by Chartette.

“Oh, yes!...... Yesterday, a body was found in the corner of the heavenly yard”

“......!”

“We all know that this place is guarded by Marlon soldiers”

“Yes...”

“A soldier on patrol found her body”

“Is it because of the wounds inflicted to her by Chartette...”

“No. Her body had a knife stabbed on her back and Chartette does not use a knife”

“She does”

“I guess while escaping from the battle field, she was found by the revolutionary army and was killed. As one of the Three Heroes, we would
expect that she would escape so it’s unexpected”

“Do you know the person who gave the last blow to Mariam?”

“.....”

“I have not received such of a report”

“In any case, Lucifenia has little to no resistance force anymore”

The victory of the revolutionary army is now assured...

“Next is the future arrangements for the Lucifenia Kingdom”

He is about to say the “conditions”.

“Lucifenia Kingdom will now be under Marlon’s rule”

“......! Are you kidding me! So this is how it will all end up!”

As he heard Kyle’s proposal, York stood up and growled loudly.

“Wait a minute, York. Please calm down and let me finish”

Kyle tried to appease York. He doesn’t seem to be listening.

I can understand York’s anger. His proposal is too abrupt. But since Kyle is one of those, “natural born leaders”, we ordinary people will not be
able to understand his ideas.

“York, calm down and let him finish. We will give our complaints later”

After hearing this, York stopped and sat in a poor position.
