♦Allen ~ Five days ago, Lucifenian Palace's "Riliane's Room" ~

“Hahaha! I didn’t expect this dress is suitable for you Allen”

Riliane said in a teasing tone and while wearing my servant clothes.

I asked her to swap clothes with me. I copied her hairstyle and wore her dress.

“It’s like we would appear that we are like twins, Allen…”

Yes, we really are.

“But, even though your clothes look s very shabby, they’re surprisingly comfortable” Indeed. Servant’s clothes are more lighter and comfortable
than those of Riliane’s clothes.

Therefore…

“If you wear this clothes, you should be able to escape the palace”

After hearing of what I said, Riliane’s smile disappeared.

“Allen… What are you talking about?”

“Riliane, if you were this clothes and escape through the channels(?), your horse – Josephine – is waiting for you outside. Ride on her and ran
away to a place where the revolutionary army will not find you”

“That’s nonsense! If they knew I wasn’t in the palace, they would send out search teams to find me”

“It’s alright. It doesn’t matter”

I will show off the skirt in a circular way.

"The Princess is right here"

I will stay here and act as bait. If they capture me, the revolutionary army will no longer look for a mere servant.

“No! Absolutely not! Even if we look alike, you will eventually be exposed”

I gently hugged Riliane.

Although we differ in gender, but the difference is physically small. Her body is just more slimmer and thin… and warmer.

“It doesn’t matter. They don’t know that we are twins and you’re my twin sister. They will not recognize you”

“Ha…?”

“You may not remember it, but I have not forgotten about you. When I was brought here by LeonHart to practice fencing, as well as being
your servant, I always, always…”

Riliane was confused like she couldn’t understand what I was saying.

“Why…? If you do that, Allen, you will die right? You will get killed right? Why Allen, why…”
