♥ Clarith ~ Lucifenia Kingdom’s “Port City” ~

I set my eyes on the endless sea. Raging waves come and go. I stare at it all, despite the passing of time. I can’t help but think that the whole
word is just an illusion.

I can hear the Levin church bell from a distance. Clang, clang, clang. But this sound of the sea calms me(?). No, I must go back.

I walked to the monastery. On the way, I was holding onto a pot. Inside was a small sapling growing from the soil.

(What should I do with this sapling?)

I was thinking, if I placed it in the monastery, it would wither due to excessive moisture. How about the forest of bewilderment…no, near the
thousand year old tree would be better right?

This sapling was given to me by a girl named Gumillia…… it’s kind of incredible though… she said this sapling was my important friend(?).

(Oh my, Michaela, what should I do?)

I lost hope. I was given another chance. My lifestyle changed when I met Michaela. When I lost her, I can’t find any reason to walk forward
again.

Even if I wanted to get revenge, I cannot. Gumillia told me that the revolution was a success and the princess was executed.

(I escaped. Sorry, Michaela)

I am neither “righteous” or “evil”. I am just a coward.

Even so, I still have to live on.

For women, it’s a very exhausting matter to be walking on this path from the sea side up to the monastery. I heaved a sigh. Do I have to walk
this path again today?

I’m going to find a place to sit and take a break. This pot is too heavy.

(Michaela…… You seem to have gain weight?)

I unconsciously uttered a joke.

When I found a good place to sit, I found a cloth

Upon closer inspection, the cloth… was actually… moving. Is it a cat or something hiding under it?

I picked it up, only to find a body.

Not a cat, but a person.

It was a man, lying on the ground.

“Ohhhh……”

Upon hearing the consecutive moans of pain, I immediately took off the cloak and loosened the collar. He had beautiful blond hair and a
handsome face. Though he’s wearing men clothes, but the looks from the body… she’s a girl?
