I was called over by Narcissus to an abandoned factory on the outskirts of Aceid.

This place was originally a factory that built airships for the Yarera Zusco Conglomerate, but was left vacant after it shut down a while ago. Zeus now used it as a hangout. Naturally, without permission from the land’s owner.

The other members had already gathered there, but our leader Narcissus still hadn’t shown up.

I killed some time chatting with my friends. We gabbed about us having once more fought with the jerks from Hades, having thoroughly stolen all the proceeds from a tourist shop in the central district, that Remes and Dite had started dating again…As we went on about such trifling gossip, Narcissus finally arrived.

He had another man with him, middle-aged and wearing a suit.

“Yo, everyone. I’ve got someone I want to introduce to you today. His name is—Yeah, you can call him Mr. Kandi.”

And then one of my friends, Pan, starting making a fuss. “Is he a new member? We’re not taking in some old geezer.”

Everyone laughed, and so Narcissus continued, while gesturing for everyone to calm down, “He’s a very important client. He’s got a very convenient get-rich-quick scheme for us. Once we do it we’ll be able to make a ton of money—and get payback on that bastard Midas Touch.”

The joking attitude quickly vanished from everyone’s faces upon hearing that name.
Midas Touch…We’d investigated into him, after hearing that name from Hades’ leader, Hardy. Our findings were that Midas ran a secret smuggling operation behind the scenes, that our friend Dio had been involved in it, and—that Dio had been killed by Midas’ guards after he quarreled over his cut of the profits.

“An eye for an eye—that’s a rule of Zeus’. Mr. Kandi has shared with us some very interesting information regarding Midas. Right now he’s in Marlon across the ocean, but in three days’ time he’ll be returning to Elphegort on a ship. And when he does, he’ll apparently be taking the gold bars that make up his fortune with him. …And we’re gonna steal it.”

Pan once more butted into Narcissus’ explanation.

“Can we really believe what he says?”

Kandi took a step forward and answered that question Narcissus’ stead. “I also have a bit of a connection to Midas…I need for him to disappear. I’ll give you all the necessary information–the name of the ship he’s on, his arrival time in Elphegort, and various other things. Once you steal his gold bars, you’ll get a 30% cut.”

“Hey hey, does that mean you’re taking 70%, old man!?”

Narcissus moved to stop Pan as he spluttered in dissatisfaction. “Mr. Kandi is going to be lending us a small transport boat that we’ll need for the plan. Our target is on a ship…By all rights this would be impossible for us otherwise.”

“Can’t we just steal from him after they reach port?”

“Security would be too tight by then. Out on the ocean the only people we’ll have to worry about will be Midas’ bodyguards. Other than that there’s only regular passengers.”
It was there that I raised my hand and asked Narcissus, “And what kind of people are these ‘regular passengers’? And I want to hear how we’ll deal with him.”

“…The vessel we’re after, the ‘S.S. Titanis’, is a passenger ship used by the wealthy. So most of the passengers are big-shots in finance and government, and their families. There’s a chance they’ve hired their own bodyguards, but…As long as we don’t mess with them on our end they shouldn’t too big of a threat to us.”

“In other words, we ignore the rest and just focus on Midas. …You think this’ll work out? Even if we were to somehow pull it off, if someone sees our faces then that’s curtains for us. We’ll spend the rest of our lives in prison.”

“Only a few of us will carry it out, to make sure that doesn’t happen. Me, Gai, Pan, Racle, Remes, and Ilei.”

“Oh, you’re leaving me out? If this plan involves being on the water, I would think there’s no one more suitable than me and Mr. Ziz.”

Narcissus let his hand fall on my shoulders, giving a superficial-looking smile.

“Now—I’m not saying that a woman would just get in the way, but we can’t exactly let Mr. Ziz go rampaging around on the ship, now can we? It would stand out way too much.”

“I guess that’s true…”

“You and Mr. Ziz are—our ‘secret weapon’, if the situation calls for it. So you stay in wait here on land and keep an eye out for us to finish our mission, honey.”

Narcissus moved as though to kiss me, but I dodged him and walked over to Pan.
“Pan, good luck out there.”

“…Yeah.”

“…You still unhappy about how the take’ll be split up?”

“No, I’m over that. The money’s just a bonus, after all. The most important thing is whacking Midas—getting revenge for Dio.”

Among all the members, Pan and Dio had been particularly close friends. It was for that reason alone that he’d been considerably shocked when he learned that Dio hadn’t told him anything of his connection to Midas.

“We’re gonna pay him back for everything.” Pan gazed at me, his eyes glinting.

“You’re getting all fired up.”

“I guess…By the way.”

“Hm, what?”

“You and Narcissus, are you two…dating?”

“No way.”

I cut him off swiftly and decisively, to avoid there being any unnecessary misunderstandings.

An eavesdropping Narcissus collapsed to his knees, but there wasn’t any need to pay that much mind.

“I see…I’m glad.” Pan looked relieved for some reason.

“…? What are you glad for?”

“In that case, after the plan works out…How about dating me instead?”

“Sorry, wouldn’t do that either.”

I’ll say it again.

I cut him off swiftly and decisively, to avoid there being any unnecessary misunderstandings.

Pan also collapsed to his knees just the same, but there wasn’t any need to pay that much mind.
