Mr. Ziz looked more comfortable in the open sea than the underground lake after all.

He was moving around in the water unusually actively. Dite had asked if he was going to run away, but I replied that I wasn’t worried about that.
The remaining members of our group waited for Narcissus and the others to return at Elphegort’s western coast. Once the small transport boat returned, we had to pack all of the gold inside it into our car. The car was also something we had been lent to us by Kandi, but Helio had taken a liking to it, and so quickly learned how to operate it.

Before long it was about time for the crew to be escaping from the S.S. Titanis. The transport vessel’s exterior was made up to look like it belonged to the World Police (–Or rather, it seemed like it actually was a real World Police transport vehicle, and Racle had been extremely interested in how Kandi had gotten his hands on it), so as long as they didn’t reveal their true identity and didn’t get spotted at the scene of the crime the approach and retreat should have been relatively simple.

“Oh—That’s it, isn’t it?” Nike pointed across the water.

I could see that there was indeed a large vessel moving towards port. That must have been the S.S. Titanis.

“We’d never be able to ride on such a gaudy ship even if it took us the rest of our lives,” Dite murmured seriously. “It’s real strange. It’s hard to find work for Elphe people like us in Aceid.”

What she spoke was an undeniable truth, and there was a reason for it.

About seventy percent of all the business conducted in Aceid was under the thumb of the foreign-made Freezis Conglomerate, and as they had a policy of prioritizing non-Elphes in their employment practices, this resulted in the reversed situation of native Elphe people being unable to get jobs in their own country.

The Yarera Zusco Conglomerate headed by an Elphe as its chairman was strengthening their authority when looking at the country of Elphegort as a whole, but their chief areas of business were mostly localized, and the capital city of Aceid was still the domain of the Freezises.

The town of Aceid, having been somewhat taken over by foreigners, had become difficult to live in for Elphe people. “Zeus” was a team comprised of Elphe children who had been forced into poverty.

Only, strictly speaking I wasn’t a pure-blooded Elphe. At the very least my mother’s hair color differed from mine, as it wasn’t the vivid green that Elphe people were known for. So perhaps my father had been an Elphe, and I inherited more from his side. I was grateful that my friends accepted me in spite of that.

–I could see a boat coming this way. Not the S.S. Titanis. It was much smaller…There was no doubt about it. That was the small transport vessel carrying the gold and Narcissus’ team.

“Yahoo!” Helio cheered.

They were a little later than expected, but the break-in crew had returned.

Everyone gathered around the ship as it arrived on the shore. We were a little worried as the door didn’t open right away, but it did eventually, and first to come out were Narcissus and Gai.

–In that moment, I had an ominous feeling. Maybe it was the same with everyone else.

Gai came out dragging his leg, leaning on Narcissus’ shoulder for support.

“What happened?” Dite ran up to Narcissus and the others. I and Nike followed behind.
I could see Pan, Racle, and Ilei on the other side of the door.

And gold, piled high.

Yet in spite of that all of their expressions were dark.

And—Remes was nowhere in sight.

“They killed Remes,” Narcissus murmured sourly.

“…Huh?” Dite was in shock, not seeming to grasp what he had just said.

“Midas’ bodyguards. They fired at us without hesitation…”

“That can’t be…” Dite covered her face with her hands, and began to sob.

“What…happened to Midas?” I asked; Narcissus shook his head regretfully.

“It all went wrong. He’s still alive, and worse, he saw our faces. We couldn’t collect Remes’ body either…It’s all over. Once the S.S. Titanis reaches land we’ll all either be handed over to the police or killed by Midas and his goons.”

“—Then let’s run away, right now!”
“Run? Where would we run to? Even if we leave Aceid they’re sure to follow us.”

“Then maybe we could ask Mr. Kandi for help…”

“We can’t. He’ll cut us loose, now that it’s turned out like this. He might even come after us to get rid of the evidence. …That might be the worst outcome for us right now.”

“Who is he? This Kandi.”

“…He’s a higher-up of the Freezis Conglomerate. More than that, I don’t know.”

“–!?”

“Whatever the case, it’s all over for us…for Zeus.”

Zeus, over—maybe this sounds foolish, but until yesterday I had never thought such a thing could happen.

Maybe we shouldn’t have been punching above our weight class. Despite how cocky we were with running the slums, we were just kids after all…Even so, we’d convinced ourselves there was nothing we couldn’t do.

–There was no use in regretting it now. I had to do something about this situation, and now.

If I didn’t, I would lose the sense of belonging I had only just managed to obtain.

I—didn’t want that.

.
Give it over

Give over everything to your feelings

.

…I felt as though I could hear a woman’s voice.

“Did you say something?” I asked Nike, but she shook her head, puzzled.

Dite was still crying as she had been. It likely wasn’t her either.

So then who was it?

.

Give it over

Give over everything to your feelings

.

Again.

This time I could tell clearly that this voice was merely echoing inside my mind.

.

Give it over

Give over everything to your feelings

.
There was no mistaking it.

That was none other than my own voice.

And yet, it was somehow almost pleasant–

.

Give it over

Give over everything to your feelings

.

–That was exactly it.

There was no need to hesitate.

I…would do as I wanted to.

To save everyone.

To save myself.

I would remove anything that got in the way of that.

I—could do it.

.

Before I knew it, I was standing on a cliff near the shoreline.

Directly below me I could see the transport vessel and my friends.

And across the sea—from here I could clearly see the figure of the S.S. Titanis.
There wasn’t a lot of time left until it reached the port.

…Mr. Ziz.

I spoke to him where he was within the water with my mind.

Even without words, I could reach out to him.

–Obeying my orders, Mr. Ziz rapidly headed towards the S.S. Titanis.

All the while his body steadily grew bigger.

At a speed I had never seen before today.

The people onboard the S.S. Titanis were likely in a frenzy at seeing such a huge octopus drawing closer to them.

But that was temporary.

.

Midas and the other passengers onboard the ship would sink into the ocean.

.

When he had grown as big as he could, Mr. Ziz’ tentacle closed around the S.S. Titanis.

He began to shake the ship as though he were a child with a toy.

One by one his tentacles began to seize the ship—until at least it was completely covered by them.

–All in all, it took maybe several minutes to transpire.

When Mr. Ziz pulled his tentacles away and once more sank into the sea…
The S.S. Titanis was nowhere to be seen.

.

How many people were aboard that ship?

I didn’t know, but it had to be a lot.

I had all too quickly stolen their lives.

I was aware that I had done something unthinkable.

Yet, for some reason it was extremely funny—

And before I knew it, I was smiling.

.

When I returned to the coast, my friends appeared to have noticed what happened with the Titanis.

They were aware that I could control Mr. Ziz.

Naturally, they knew who had sunk the ship.

“…”

No one said a word.

–I had done it on my own.

I hadn’t been wanting them to thank me.

…But you guys, at the very least.

Don’t look at me like that.
Like you’re gazing upon some frightening thing.

“…Let’s go.” The first to break the silence was Narcissus. “Get the gold bars into the car. Before someone comes.”

At those words, everyone moved into action at once.

We carried the gold from the boat and packed them into the automobile’s luggage compartment.

Midway through the work, Pan quietly whispered to me from nearby, “—Thank you.”

I stared at him, without meaning to.

“If you and Mr. Ziz hadn’t done that, we’d have been done for.”

“…”

“Everyone knows it. We were going to commit murder from the get-go. …It’s just that the number’s changed a bit.”

“I…guess.”

“And everyone aboard that ship was rich—the kind who would normally be sneering at poor people like us. You shouldn’t worry about a pack like that dying from getting caught up in this. …Oh, look.” Pan pointed to the sea. “Mr. Ziz is coming back. You should go get him.”

Following his advice, I walked away from the car and headed towards Mr. Ziz.

He looked extremely worn out when he popped up from the water. That was understandable.

“…You did well.”

I pulled him into my arms.

When I did, something fell down to the sand from between his tentacles.

“…?”

I scooped it up.

…It looked like a doll.

A small doll designed to look like an Elphe girl.

“What are you doing with this…?”

It was filthy, but I couldn’t find much damage on it considering it had been submerged in the water.

Maybe this had belonged to someone riding on the S.S. Titanis.

“…”

I didn’t mean for it to be any sort of atonement, but if this was a belonging of one of the deceased, I couldn’t bring myself to throw it away.

And…I had heard that some dolls could sell for extremely high prices.

I would take it home with me.

By the time the car laden with gold reached Aceid, the sun had already set.
From there the car raced towards our hideout.

I was in the luggage compartment with my other friends. It had a canopy over the top, so neither us nor the gold was visible from the outside.

The interior of this car that Kandi had lent us was extremely luxurious, and it had a radio installed in it.

Today’s news broadcast through the speaker.

“—At noon today the passenger ship S.S. Titanis sank in the Hark Sea as it was returning to port. The World Police are still investigating into the cause at present. The exact number of deaths among the passengers and crew is unknown, but it looks fairly hopeless from the current situation. …Just now we have received a list of the names of the passengers who met with this unfortunate accident. I will read them in order. –Midas Touch, Robert Thayne, Ellie Thayne, Wise Rogzé, Mira Marlon, Michelle Marlon—"
