This “voice” that spoke to Nemesis through the doll.

She seems to have judged that it’s separate from what she heard just before her crime, but is that really the case?

There is a possibility that yet another personality exists inside her.
Telling Nemesis about her pursuers could have been simple intuition—or to put it another way, her own “foreboding”—but perhaps it manifested as words from her alternate personality, and just happened to be correct by chance.

This “voice” did tell her about the specific name “Lich”, but that too could be someone that she had actually already met that the dominant personality simply didn’t recognize, and Nemesis (or rather her other personality) just had some reason to be wary about him…That is a serviceable theory.

“Lich”, huh…

…It’s likely simple coincidence, but I also have an acquaintance with the same name.

Professor Lich Arklow. The man currently mentoring my brother. He’s also a bit of an annoyance, occasionally complaining to me about said brother’s conduct.

Professor Lich has a younger brother of his own, and that brother—Michael, is one of my assistants. He has a youthful spiritedness about him, and it was a wise choice to send him home tonight. If Michael were here then this whole situation would have gotten a lot more complicated.

–I’ll have to pick the next memory.

There are two branches of memory to pick from. Bruno, or Nikolay. One of those two.

Chronologically speaking, the memory relating to Bruno is closer, but…perhaps I ought to wrap up the matter of Nikolay before going along that line.

It’s a simple matter of numbers. It’ll be easier to wrap things up by finishing the one that’s less involved.

There’s only one more memory left about Nikolay—Eleven years after Nemesis was arrested.
