It had been a very long time since I had last visited this village.

The village of Yatski. To the old me this place, established just to the north of the Millennium Tree Forest, was little more than a path between the forest and Aceid. That hadn’t changed even now. …Or it shouldn’t have.

There wasn’t anything good on the menu in the bar I was at, but I couldn’t stand my hunger any longer. I wolfed down some food that I’d ordered offhand.

–Earlier today I had entered into the Millennium Tree Forest alone. It had been eleven years, but it had still once been my home. Ordinarily there was no way that I could get lost in there.

But…It was no longer the forest that I remembered. I had anticipated that it wouldn’t be very well upkept given that the Held devotees and woodcutters had left, but it seemed an even greater change than that had enfolded the forest.

Its trees were withered, it was filled with ferocious beasts that shouldn’t have been there, dotted with bottomless bogs—how could it have transformed so much in so little time?

The house that I had spent my youth in had already been torn down. Built in its place was a theater called “Evils Theater”.

There was currently a rumor that the late Gallerian Marlon’s legacy lay sleeping there, but that was meaningless to me.

My reason for entering the forest was to search for the former head of the Tasan Party, who had since separated from the movement. Evidently he had gone missing after heading for the forest seeking a sword that was a family heirloom.
His attachment towards that sword had always been somewhat abnormal. He must have reasoned that it was currently in the theater, given that Gallerian once stole it from him.

If the former head of the Tasan Party…Gammon Octo…was still alive, then perhaps he was in that theater—with that in mind, I’d tried to enter “Evils Theater”.

…Ultimately, it didn’t go that well. I was attacked by a woman in a red dress and the twins who served her, just barely managing to escape back here—

They had certainly looked like people, but there wasn’t a doubt in my mind they weren’t “human”.

The reason why they have come to call this place “Evil’s Forest”—I suppose I could gather that just by feeling it on my skin.

I had no choice but to give up on Gammon. It’s hard to imagine he’s safe and sound in a forest with such monsters running rampant inside it.

I would just have to do things on my own from here on out, without relying on him. …As the new head of the Tasan Party.

The sun had already set. I considered staying at an inn here in the village, but Aceid wasn’t all that far. It seemed a better idea to leave the village right away, when thinking on how things would be from tomorrow on. My time off ended today.

I paid my bill and left the bar.

Right when I tried to get into a carriage waiting for customers, someone grabbed my arm.

I swiftly knocked the hand away and looked over.
“Did I startle you, miss? I apologize—You are Lady Nemesis Sudou, the head of the Tasan Party, are you not?”

There was a short old man there. He was dressed neatly enough, but I also didn’t get the feeling that his clothes were of good make.

“What do you want? I’m in a hurry.”

“My master has said that he wishes to meet with you.”

“I don’t know anyone in this village. If he has some business you can come to Tasan headquarters tomorrow and tell me then.”

“…Nikolay Tolle.”

“–!?”

“That is my master’s name. He said that you would surely meet with him once I told you—”

“—Where is he now?”

“He is in a mansion on the outskirts of the village. It is not that far from here, so we can go on foot. I will show you the way.”

I could scarcely believe it…hearing that name, in this village.

.

Nikolay was lying in bed.

According to the servant who had led me here, a heart disease that he’d struggled with for many years had taken a turn for the worse, and he didn’t have much time left.

“Oh my, if it isn’t Nemesis…It’s quite chilly today.”

Nikolay seemed far more elderly than before as he weakly spoke to me.
“I’d had no idea you were living in Yatski village.”

“I couldn’t stay in the forest like I was. I had earned your mother’s wrath.”

“Was that…because of me?”

“Indeed. I hadn’t fulfilled my role.”

And there Nikolay began to cough painfully.

His servant standing nearby had him drink some medicine, and finally he settled down.

“Nemesis…you’ve grown up splendidly. I heard the other day that you were promoted to the head of the Tasan Party.”

“—A lot’s happened since I saw you last. My friends in Zeus were all killed in prison, and only I survived. Then I wound up working for Bruno. As a member of PN’s hidden face…’Pere Noel’.”

“But eventually you betrayed Pere Noel…Then you started a civil war, and became a hero to the people.”

“You’re well informed.”

“I check the news on the radio every day…As I did in the past.”

Nikolay must have learned of the S.S. Titanis sinking via the radio, back then. And then he had soon realized that Mr. Ziz and I were the culprits.

“Nikolay…There’s something I’ve always wanted to ask you.”

“What is it?”

“Why you betrayed me that day—You said that it was because you couldn’t allow my crime to go unpunished, but I get the feeling it was more than that.”
“Oh?”

“I had the chance to learn more about you after joining Pere Noel. …Your real name is ‘Hanma Baldured’. You were originally the director of the Dark Star Bureau, and you took bribes to declare many criminals innocent—the opposite of what you told me.”

“You are correct. I was the same sort of man as Gallerian Marlon, who you killed.”

“I can’t imagine that a man like you would sell out me and my friends just out of a guilty conscience.”

“…I’ve gotten forgetful as I get older. I don’t remember what I was thinking eleven years before.”

“…”

“…Maybe I was afraid of you. Even so I didn’t have the courage to strike you down myself—so I thought I would leave you to the law…or rather, to his judgment. Maybe I thought that was the most just thing I could do, at the time.”

A breeze blew in from the window.

Nikolay looked to be shivering from the cold, so I moved to close it.

“Thank you—And, I’m sorry. I had no idea that such a thing would happen to you and your friends before the trial was conducted.”

“Jorm Zusco—He killed my friends when he was trying to escape from prison. I’ve confirmed that Jorm himself died just the other day.”

“Did you kill him?”

“I wanted to, but no. He took his own life before I could find him. So revenge is impossible to me now.”

“…If it’s revenge you want, you can still achieve it.” Nikolay slowly sat up. “Me. You can get your revenge indirectly by killing me. I’m the one who caused you to get forced into prison, after all.”

Nikolay’s eyes seemed as though he was looking right through me.

It was true that there were times I had wanted to kill him. As revenge for my dead friends—but now that my gaze was upon him as he was now, I couldn’t help but hesitate.

“…It wouldn’t mean anything. You don’t have much longer to live anyway.”

“That depends on how you—and I, feel about it.”

“I don’t hate you anym—”

“Don’t say anything further. There are some things you need to set to rights to move forward. …Have you got a gun on you?”

“…Yeah.”

I pulled out my revolver.

My “Naga Custom .44”…I made a rule of using this gun any time I killed someone for revenge.
Despite my taking out a gun, the servant showed no fear, only standing rooted to the spot.

“Don’t mind him watching. I have known Hodr—my servant—for quite some time. He understands everything. Even if you kill me he won’t try to have you indicted for it. And there’s little risk of anyone else hearing the gunshot at the outskirts of the village like this.”

So then—he wanted to be killed by me, rather than dying by illness.

Then I would have to answer that.

For revenge.

And to repay him for looking out for me when I was young.

I pointed the muzzle of my gun at Nikolay.

“It seems your doubts have vanished, Nemesis. You look at peace now. But if I were to ask for one luxury…I’d have been happy for you to shed at least a single tear on my behalf.”

“…I’ve already resolved to never again cry while shooting someone.”

.

I pulled the trigger.

And then it was over.
