Section II--Seaside's Small Bottle---

♥Clarith～Lucifenia Kingdom's “Harbor Town's convent ”～

The warm season has arrived, and the actual farming starts.

A new member has arrived in the convent.

"This has gone too far! Why are you slacking here again!"

A voice thundered from inside the tool shed. I hurriedly ran to the scene, it turned out that the older
nuns and the blonde girl were arguing.

"If you don't work, there won't be any lunch today, Rin."

"You're so noisy, how can anyone move such a heavy tool alone!?"

(Not again...)

Even though I was getting a little fed up, I still scooped up a few shovels lying on the ground with my
hands.

“I’ll help you take half of these, let’s go together, okay?”

“Clarith! Mollycoddling isn’t good for the child!”

The older nun who had her hands on her hips looked surprised.

“She is not yet accustomed to life here… I beg you to forgive her.”

“That’s not Rin’s only problem. Anyway, everyone is waiting. Leave the fertiliser to me, you two hurry
along with the shovels.”

The Sister easily heaved two sacks of fertiliser onto her shoulders, and hurriedly headed for the fields.
After watching the Sister’s retreating back, I turned my head to Rin.

“Come, let’s go, Rin,”

“Don’t wanna, it’s troublesome.”

Rin sat down and turned her head left.

“No pain, no gain. If you don’t carry these, the Sisters won’t allow you to eat.”

“Clarith can just secretly give me food.”

“I can’t do that every time. If we’re discovered, we’ll both get scolded.”

“I don’t care, I won’t do it! I-- don’t--wanna!”
