Rin simply flopped onto the ground. With a child like her, it’s no use even if you get angry or try to
persuade her.

(I’ve got no other choice…)

I called a slightly bigger kid who was playing at the nearby orphanage.

“Donnie, can you come here? I need you to do something.”

“What’s the matter, Clarith?

“I’m sorry, I’d like you to help me bring these shovels to the field.”

“It’s no big deal. Leave it to me!”

Donnie smiled while picking up the shovels.

I looked at Rin from the corner of my eye, and spoke deliberately loudly so that she could hear:

“Donnie is indeed fantastic! She can carry so many shovels! That person who’s always lazing around
certainly can’t do it!”

Donnie was also aware of the situation, and replied just as loudly as me:

“What are you talking about, big sister Clarith! The convent doesn’t even have trash that can’t lift a few
shovels! Even a smaller kid than me is able to carry these!”

Rin was lying down, and secretly spied on us. Her pride seems to have been hurt. Children here should
work hard. Let her pride have another blow.

“Donnie’s so amazing! To thank you for helping, I’ll give you some bread and butter as a snack later!”

At that moment, Rin jumped up and snatched Donnie’s armful of shovels away.

“Rin can do it too! I’ll take all of them. Therefore, the snack is mine!”

“Wow! The fantastic one is big sister Rin! She’s so reliable!”

Donnie winked at me after exaggerating her surprise, then went back to playing.

The shovels were actually rather heavy. Despite that, Rin behaved at ease, and so that I won’t discover
her false ease, she said to me:

“Yes, let’s go, Clarith. Come with me!”

“Hmm, yes. Let’s go, Rin.”
