“What’s that plant?”

Rin asked while breaking her bread with her hand

“Um- what it is. I don’t know, either.”

“Why would Clarith raise something she doesn’t know?”

“It doesn’t matter what kind it is. No matter what kind of plant it is, it’s still growing. All life is equal.
And… that child is my friend. “

“A plant friend? You’re really gloomy, Clarith.”

“Heheh, maybe.”

After sighing in surprise, Rin’s expression suddenly turned serious.

“All life should be equal…huh.”

“Yes. Regardless of whether they are plants or humans.”

“I don’t think that is so. In this world, only the concept of ‘dominance and being dominated’ exists. If
everyone were equal, it would be impossible to constitute a society. Helm, politics and culture needs it
to function properly. Everyone is equal. Sophistry is what makes it difficult.”

I was surprised that Rin would suddenly speak about such a profound topic. But I quietly replied:

“Perhaps your opinion is the correct one. But I… but I still support equality.”

“You really do think like a saint. Is everyone’s mind-set like Clarith’s after they stay in the convent for
too long?”

“Heheh, Rin should be able to understand my idea in the near future.”

“Who knows. I’m not a believer of the Eldoh faction in the first place.”

“Regardless of Eldoh or Levin, they should essentially be the same.”

“Maybe.”

Rin appears to have finished eating. She set her cutlery down onto the table.

“Put back the utensils yourself.”

“I know. …Hey, Clarith.”

“Yes?”

Rin anxiously asked while clearing up her utensils:
