……I’m not wrong. The road I’m following is the right road. Not only for Lucifenia but for Marlon as
well will justice be served.

My revenge is not over yet. Not until I find the one who killed Michaela.

“Kyle your highness! I have something to report!”

A soldier frantically ran and kneeled beside me.

“Did something happen?”

“York and Germaine escaped from the palace. We heard they are going to station southeast from the
lake.”

I underestimated those rebels. I thought they were just a bunch of fools but they seem to be a lot
smarter than I thought.

“We have been found out. But it doesn’t matter, stop them when they reach the Reitasan Fort.”

“Yes your highness!”

“What about the “witch hunting”?”

“A few days ago, we received some notifications in Lucifenia and Marlon but there wasn’t any reliable
source…”

That blonde girl was Rilliane’s servant. She said she was the daughter of one of the three heroes,
Mariam. That is absolutely unexpected information – information relating to the real murderer of
Michaela.

My mistake was I let the real murderer run away before I could take action. Even so, I must find her.

“Go find and arrest the leader of the revolutionary army, Germaine Avadonnia!”

✤Gumillia～Asmodin country “Inn”～

My name is Gumillia, I was once a spirit, and I am now apprentice to the Sorceress Elluka.

Here, I will make a simple record of what Elluka and I did after leaving Lucifenia Palace.

First, we worked together to bring down rain to extinguish the fire in the Bewilderment Forest-
unfortunately, at the expense of the octopus.
