At that time, even though we encountered the Lucifenian army tracking us, we still found a way to
escape.

We went to the Freesis mansion located in Elphegort, but the residence had already been burned down.
We then infiltrated the nearby barracks to retrieve Keel’s collectibles, but the Venom Sword was not in
their midst. After a short rest, we rushed to Michaela, but we didn’t expect that she was already
murdered.

After the Marlon king, who was facing her body, expressed moderate violence such as kicking and
punching, we retrieved her body.

Just then, an incredible thing happened: Michaela’s body changed into a sapling.

No one knew why; we went to see Eldoh . Subsequently, he got into a heated argument with Elluka. I
told Eldoh about what I wished to do, and after listening, he looked rather lonely, but he still accepted it.
Afterwards, he fell into a deep slumber again.

The revolution had ended, and the world is starting to calm down. Once again, we head towards the
Freesis mansion. When he saw what had become of Michaela, he wasn’t short on surprise. After some
negotiations, Elluka returned his Collectibles to him, and he gave us the Venom Sword.

Keel’s children were very cute, but I didn’t understand why Elluka was so surprised upon seeing Mr
Keel’s wife.

We returned to Lucifenia again, and entrusted Michaela’s sapling to Clarith. She didn’t look too happy,
but she shouldn’t be doing anything absurd any time soon. I still felt a little worried and snuck back to
check not long after. I was shocked when I went to check, for Riliane was there as well. After Elluka’s
observations, she decided to leave it alone, because there shouldn’t be ay demons around her now.

On hindsight, we couldn’t stop Lucifenia’s revolution, and we never did figure out why Riliane would be
possessed once again, or why the demon had inexplicably vanished. However, Elluka didn’t mind.

“I’m used to it.”

She said. It seems that to her, getting the Venom Sword was the greatest victory.

That being said, Elluka would have a pained expression on her face whenever she hears the church bells
ring. Although she didn’t say it out loud, but I understand that Elluka was grieving for her lost friends.

At the moment, we are on our way to the eastern kingdoms, and are currently staying in an inn in
Asmodin to prepare. A vessel of sin might exist in the east. I wonder what kind of country it is, and I’m a
little excited.

“Aaaah!”

Elluka, who was observing the Venom Sword, seems to have discovered something which made her
shout, and soon started tearing away at the seal on the sword.

“……No wonder… I was wondering why its magic was so weak…”
