A disappointed Elluka vented her anger by flinging the Venom Sword onto the ground.

“We were cheated.”

“It’s a fake?”

“No, this is the real deal, but it’s empty. The vessel doesn’t contain a demon, so it’s all pointless…ah,
could it be that!”

Elluka retrieved another vessel of sin from her luggage- a hand mirror- and ripped out the same seal.
Before long, she slumped onto the ground.

“How can it be…… I remember that the last time I made the seals it was still inside… the demon in the
mirror has vanished…”

“There’s such a thing as demons disappearing from the vessels?”

“Generally speaking, it’s impossible. Even if the demon is attached to a human body, its original body will
remain in the mirror. So it is necessary to seal it into the vessel if you had to drive the demon away
from the body. Despite that, the demon actually vanished into thin air…”

Perhaps for the sake of being shocked, Elluka sat motionlessly for a while, but she soon stood up and
started packing the luggage.

“Gumillia, I’m sorry, but I’m afraid we can’t move east yet. We have to tie up a few loose ends first.”

Sigh; there goes my eagerly anticipated Grand Tour of the new world.

But having said that, this is nothing.

☥ Eldoh ~ Elphegort Country’s “Millennium Tree Forest” ~

Since ancient times, I have been watching over this piece of land but I am now approaching my end as
the time for God’s time has ended. There is nothing that can be done. My old friends have embarked on
a journey. For the rest of my time, I quietly wait through it.

The only left that concerns me is how to resolve the “sin” issue. We don’t want the devil to influence
the world as it can cause the elimination of this world. However, this issue can only be entrusted to my
heirs and the humans. It doesn’t matter for they are stronger than god and will be able to draw a
conclusion with their own hands.

Two lovely guest came to me today. A white-haired female I have seen before and a blonde, short-
haired female.

“Is it here, Clarith?”
