–I’ll say up front that I’m in a pretty terrible mood.

.

There are many reasons for it…The biggest would be that I’ve been ousted from my position as head of Project “Ma” and ultimately been chased out of the Royal Research Institute.

Losing the “Twins of God” had been a serious blow to Gammon.

That was because he’d been scheming to use their existence to shore up his own position.

He’d already announced their birth to the public at large, and even established a new calendar…So he had to pin the blame for this failure on somebody.

…And so I wound up receiving the blowback for it.

The charge against me–“performing experiments on the artificial construction of human beings without permission from the senate”.

I needed to take responsibility for those artificial humans having run off with the twins—something like that.

Come on, what a joke!

Gammon had already known about all of that.

.

The search for the twins continues even now.

I estimate that the odds of finding them are slim.
All else aside…though she may be a failed experiment, Meta is after all an artificial human born from my cells.

She’d never commit the kind of blunder that would get her found.

Eventually Gammon will give up and be forced to undertake the next Project “Ma”.

Though I have to wonder if he has anyone who could actually pull it off, now that Adam and I are gone—

Well, I suppose I’ll see how it goes.

.

There’s no questioning that the “Twins of God” were key components to achieving my ambitions.

That was why I had been preparing for them since the time I had been Horus.

.

However…prodigies always prepare one or two precautionary measures just in case.

I still have “Pale” with me…

And after this I think I will create even more “ghoul children”.

.

The god who created the heart of man, Levia.

The god who created the body of man, Behemo.

And the god who created nature and the land, Held.

In that case—

I am the god who creates “evil”.

.

“Evil” is like a virus.

It spreads, it infects—and tries to make “friends”.

.

I think I should continue to try to increase the number of “myself”.

But that is, after all, little more than an “evil” of the old world.

.

The same to LeviaBehemo.

The dragon god is trying to use the “Twins of God” to achieve their own wish.

But I would like to use that for a different purpose.

The expectations of a “dragon” and “evil” aren’t likely to overlap.

.

Something unique to this world—

A pure being.

The birth of a new “evil”.

That is what I wish for.

And I’ll need—an “original sinner” to serve as the basis for that.
.

–Pale seems to have woken up.

No…he isn’t “Pale” any longer.

Now that he’s been “reset”, I gave him a new name.

.

He was looking my way with a sleepy expression.

I smiled and greeted him.

.

“—Good morning, Kiril.”

.

The karma of “evil”—begins now.
