♣ Yukina ~The Country of Marlon, “Freezis Estate/Yukina’s Room”~

Three days later, my father left for
Marlon Castle with Shaw in tow.

The reason for Shaw going along with
him was simply that he had never gone to Marlon castle before. Just like when
Dad had sent him to greet me in Lucifenia, it was for his studies as an heir.

I had no desire to become a
merchant, and my father respected that. So I lived a happy-go-lucky life to
some extent, but on the other hand I felt a little bad for Shaw for being so
restricted ever since he was a child. Though, well, Shaw himself seemed to be
enjoying his circumstances to some extent, and seemed to think it all worth
doing, so perhaps it wasn’t necessary for me to feel that way.

I had asked to go with them to
Marlon Castle, but Dad had refused, saying I needed to tend to our guests.

Germaine and Gumillia were staying
in Marlon, living at our house for now. My father had urged them to sojourn
here, saying that they ought to relax for a short period while they had the chance,
and the two of them had gone along with that.

Gumillia was after the Glass that
Ney had in the first place, so as long as Ney was in Marlon she couldn’t go
home. Her going out from time to time was probably her searching for Ney, too.
Germaine had been hired on as Gumillia’s bodyguard, so if Gumillia wasn’t going
home then she had to
follow suit. Furthermore, in Germaine’s case she probably wanted to put off having
to ride on a boat again.

Anyway, neither of them were
currently in the house. They had each gone somewhere, separately. So,
accordingly, I was in a bind, with my father telling me to tend to our guests
and all.

I
guess while they’re out I’ll go play with Aile, I concluded.

I had left my room and made it down
the stairs. That’s when it happened.
