♣ Yukina ~The Country of Marlon, “Freezis Estate/Drawing Room”~

Germaine picked up the unconscious
Gumillia, and we all returned to my house.

After taking Gumillia to a bedroom,
the remaining members of our group went to the drawing room, and Elluka sat
down in a chair.

“Well then, from where should I
start?”

Germaine followed suit, heartily
plunking down in her seat. “For the time being…How about you start with
whether or not you’re the real Elluka right now?”

Elluka confirmed that she was and nodded,
smiling. “I’ve finally returned to my former body.”

Right then there was a knock on the
door, and the servant boy nervously entered the room, carrying a cup and a pot
on a tray.

“Ex-excuse me…I’ve brought your
milk.”

Elluka narrowed her eyes and made a sour
expression.

“I can’t have milk. Bring me
some black tea. With lemon.”

“-Sigh-…”

The servant boy bowed once, and then
left the room. I could faintly hear him muttering “What the heck was that
about…” beyond the door.

I sat down in a chair next to
Germaine, facing Elluka. “I want you to explain from beginning to end.
Everything from when you and Miss Gumillia left this house five years
ago.”

“That’s going to take a while. Well,
I’ll keep to just the important stuff.”

After leaving the Freezis mansion
five years ago the two of them had intended to go to the east. But apparently,
midway through they realized that there was no “Demon of Deadly Sin”
inside the vessel of deadly sin, the “Venom Sword”, that they had
obtained from my father.

“I don’t need to explain what a
‘Demon of Deadly Sin’ is…do I?”

“No…”

The demon that had possessed King
Kyle…There were others like it dwelling inside of the various vessels of deadly
sin.

“Miss Elluka, you and Miss
Gumillia were collecting the vessels, huh?”

“Well, sort of. Anyway, I could
sense there was some act going on, so I decided to call off our trip to the
east and do some investigation. Along with looking for the demon that should
have been in the Venom Sword.”

In the process of that investigation,
they had broken into the Lucifenian Palace and ended up being targeted by King
Kyle’s “Witch Hunt”.

“We went to the palace because
I’d sensed the influence of a demon in Kyle. The demon of 'Lust’ that should
have been in the Venom Sword.”

“So Mister Kyle growing wings
before was the work of this demon of 'Lust’?”

Elluka shook her head.

“No. That demon–the one
dwelling in the mirror–is the demon of 'Pride’. The demon who possessed Kyle
after the demon of 'Lust’ left him.”

Five years ago, or in other words
some time before or after the revolution, someone had gotten Kyle possessed by
the demon of “Lust”. That demon supposedly drove wild the affections
and sexual urges of the people it possessed.

“S-sexual urges?”

Germaine saw my reddened face and smirked.

“I think that Kyle’s crush on
Michaela was because of that demon. Though he himself would never recognize
that.”

It would surely be a huge shock to
him to learn that his love towards Michaela were feelings born by a demon.

“After that, at some point the
demon of 'Lust’ separated from him, and instead he was possessed by the demon
of 'Pride’. Thanks to that Kyle became puffed up with conceit, and picked
fights with other countries.”

“Mister Kyle gets possessed far
too much.”

Did that mean…he was a sinful man
who tempted demons? Putting aside whether he himself wanted that or not.

“He might be predisposed to it.
Of course, there’s undoubtedly someone else’s hand in it.”

In the end, Elluka and Gumillia had
been unable to find the demon of “Lust”, and having judged their
preparations insufficient to exorcise the demon of “Pride” possessing
Kyle, they crossed over to Marlon the following year. That was because they’d
estimated that Kyle’s mother, the Empress Dowager Prim, was related to what
happened to him.

But it was there they met with the
interference of Abyss I.R. and the Special Maneuvers Task Force.

“I was negligent. At that time
I hadn’t believed there were still any sorcerers around like that…except for
me. I was unable to run away in time, and was captured by Abyss–or at least,
my body was.”

“Just your body?”

“I am able to move just my
spirit into other bodies. Using that, I was able to temporarily have my spirit
take refuge in Gumillia’s body. In other words, Gumillia ended up housing a
soul that was composed of both her and myself.”

Now that she mentioned it, whenever
I had met with Gumillia in the palace after the dead soldiers had broken out in
the Beelzenian Empire, there were times when she’d
seemed different.

If Gumillia had two people’s personalities
inside her, then those times must have been when Elluka’s was coming through.

“Why would you do something
like that?”

“I was able to guess from
Abyss’ behavior that if I was captured I wouldn’t be able to get away. It was a
waste, but I decided to part with my body. I figured at the time it couldn’t be
helped.”

Giving up on her physical body for
such trivial reasons seemed pretty par for the course for her.

“Then I ran away to the
Beelzenian Empire beyond Marlon’s reach, and waited for my chance. And you know
the rest from there.”

She’d made preparations in
Beelzenia, met with Germaine and me, exorcised the demon from Kyle, and headed
to Marlon.

And then, just a short while ago, she
had taken her own body back from Abyss I.R.

“And finally, just who is this
Abyss I.R.?”

“Who knows? I blew her spirit
away before I could ask any questions. Just, judging by her ability to hijack
my body and operate it like that, they’re a master of the 'Swap Technique’ like
me. …and if that’s the case…There is a high chance that she’s someone who
would become the mother of Magic
Kingdom Levianta–a survivor of 'Ma’ five hundred years ago…”

Elluka continued to murmur to
herself. “Miss Elluka?”

“Ah, sorry. Those points have
nothing to do with you. …Oh?”

It seems the door wasn’t completely
closed. An unexpected, rare guest entered the room from the open crack.

“Meow♪”

It was the red cat that had been
riding on Elluka’s shoulder–or rather, on the shoulder of Abyss I.R. in
Elluka’s body.

Come to think of it, it had been by
Abyss I.R.’s side during the whole battle, but at some point had vanished
afterwards.

“Has it mistaken me for its
master? Well, I suppose that’s understandable, I have the same
appearance…”

“Miss Elluka, how about
continuing to take care of it?”

“I hate cats. Can’t you keep it?”

“I’m not too fond of them
myself. …Miss Germaine?”

“Sorry…”

The cat innocently groomed itself.

Right then, I heard the sound of
footsteps and my mother’s voice from outside the door.

"Here kitty kitty~♪ Where have
you gone~?“

The footsteps grew louder, and
finally they were right outside the door.

"Are you in here?”

My mother peered into the room from
the crack in the door.

“So there you are, kitty. …Oh!?
Oh my, oh dear.”

It sounded like she’d noticed that
Elluka was in the room.

“Miss Elluka, you’re here. It’s
been quite some time hasn’t it?”

“Sorry for neglecting to write
for so long, Madam. You certainly like cats, don’t you?”

We hadn’t had a pet like this one in
the house before. So today was the first I’d learned that my mother liked cats.

She lovingly picked up the cat in
her arms and looked my way.

“Hey Yukina, I’ve decided to
keep this cat here in our house.”

“Huh!? Um, Mama. Don’t you know
that I don’t really like cats?”

“It’s fine. We’ll keep her in
my room.”

“No, that’s not really the
prob–”

“Don’t be so fussy, Yukina.
Especially when she’s so cute~”

My mother rubbed her cheek against
the cat, and it once more let out a meow.
