Sometimes, this person does commensurate the Royal Family’s dignity but has a speculative atmosphere;
he just looks like that with no effort. The ladies attending the dinner party would always crowd over
him; he seems to be very popular with them.

“I did this painting when I was a kid”

There seems to be a strange tone coming from Kyle’s mouth. His faced looked very gentle.

“It has been seven… No, eight years ago. At that time, I was a fourteen year old boy who wanted to be
a painter. I even considered leaving the Royal Family and go meet with Keel”

It was surprising that he was very honest. Even if he had a secured future, he wanted to abandon in all
and follow his own ideals…… Even in this, he was very similar to Ein.

“Under the manipulation of my mother, I quitted painting. She hired art dealers and critics to demean
my moral and make me leave the world of painting. Up to now, I never painted again.”

“But how did that happen……”

“After all, the heir to the throne cannot be a simple painter. When father died, I collected all my
paintings and burned them… The rest of the painting were bought my Keel”

“Kyle, your Highness, do you hate becoming the king?”

“It’s not like that. I’m proud of my position as king. One word from my mouth can either save my
country or plunge it to hell. It’s a heavy responsibility. Although I walk the path paved by my mother, in
the end, she is still unsatisfied.

At this point, I was feeling unwell. What exactly is this feeling…… My body is trembling and I
unconsciously began to rub his arm.

“……Up to now, I still have to give up the idea of leaving my position, mixing with the civilians and live a
simple life surrounded by my beloved wife and children”

Speaking of which, Kyle was staring at my face.

“Until then… For me, people like you are the most wonderful”

He said, getting all shy and red from his face to his ears. Looking at him, a strange feeling filled me up.
This must be the emotions said by those ladies as “cute”. I can somewhat understand it.

“Does Kyle, his Highness, love me?”

“……I see you’re very straight forward”

It suddenly became difficult to say something. Even so, Kyle said it quite clearly:

“Yes, I like you. Perhaps it started when on our first meeting…”
