About Jakoku

History

An island nation composed of the Jakokuan Archipelago (Amayomi, Enkoku, Susa, Izami) and its surrounding islands, set in the Akuna region far, far to the east of Evillious.

Its current capital is Eto in the Enkoku region.

It has existed as a country since time immemorial, and in the pre-era it was ruled by the “Jamataikoku” led by the “Netsuma” clan, whose white hair was a particular feature of theirs.

In this period there was cultural exchange with the countries to the west, and some of the Netsuma clan that had fallen to ruin migrated to the Evillious region, where they became the ancestors of the Netsuma there. The third clan head of the Netsuma in Evillious, Raisa Netsuma (Netsuma Raisa) was a member of the criminal organization “Apocalypse” and given the alias of “white demon”. She was a close friend of the infamous Meta Salmhofer, and she lost her life when Meta was captured by the Leviantan military. Having lost the head of their clan the Netsuma were enraged, and they committed acts of destruction throughout the Evillious region. Elphegort in particular sustained serious damage from this, and this became a cause of discrimination against the Netsuma in that country later on.

Additionally, the Netsuma lineage has largely died out in Jakoku.

After the downfall of Jamataikoku, several governments ruled Jakoku, one after another, but around year 540 the rulers of each land broke out into a period of warring states, all vying for hegemony.

The most powerful of all had been the Hatsune clan, led by the daimyo of Amayomi, Hatsune Nobunaga. However, when Nobunaga died in a revolt between his subordinates before he could achieve victory, the Hatsune clan was taken over by his daughter Jahime, and she began to expand their efforts towards her father’s dream of unifying the whole country.

However, there were many who resisted the forcible invasions Jahime undertook. One such group was the Tokugawa clan, daimyo of Eto. In order to combat the foreign sorceress Julia IR (later known as Julia Abelard) who served Jahime, the Tokugawa clan allied with another sorceress who had come from foreign lands.

That sorceress went by the name of “Elluka Clockworker”.

Elluka made subordinates out of those who had also arrived from foreign countries as she did.

The wandering swordsman Gao Octo (Gaou Okuto).

The powerful blacksmith Chartette Langley (Saruteito).

Including her favored apprentice Gumillia, Elluka and the others entered into battle with Jahime and Julia.

As a result of the “Battle of Jagahara” in year 549, the country was unified under the Eto Shogunate of the Tokugawa clan.

Right before that, however, Chartette lost her life at Julia’s hands. Julia’s aim had been the vessel of deadly sin, “the Twin Blades of Levianta”, which Chartette had brought over from Holy Levianta, however Chartette had already reforged them into a pair of scissors and entrusted them to Gao. Gao hid this fact even from Elluka, and after the battle of Jagahara he sealed the scissors away inside a cave in the land of Izami.

Jahime survived her actual defeat, but she was murdered by her underling Julia, who had been lying in wait in Amayomi. Julia then absconded, and Elluka and Gumillia left Jakoku chasing after her.

Gao changed his name to Okuto Gaou, and for a time held a position as an immediate follower of the shogun, but when the nation’s isolationist policy began he was shunned for having foreign genes and instead appointed as magistrate of Izami, a backwater piece of land. Despite this Gaou held no intent of rebellion, and diligently upheld his magistrate duties for many years.

The Eto shogunate continued to reign up to the present day year 842 when this story opens.

–But that state of affairs would change when Perrier Cutie Marlon arrived as a messenger of the United States of Maistia ten years later, leading a fleet of military vessels. After the chaos the Eto shogunate dissolved, and Jakoku came to be opened to the world.

.

“Onigashima”

A man-made island built by Izami in the south-west region of Jakoku. It was made by then-magistrate Okuto Gaou in year 590 for the purpose of managing and safeguarding the foreigners coming into Jakoku.

The immigration of foreigners into the country was heavily restricted due to the shogunate’s isolationist policy, and so non-natives and those of foreign descent were generally only allowed to live in Onigashima. Additionally, all cultural and mercantile exchanges with foreigners were conducted there as well.

In terms of ratios, 60 percent of the residents were Jakokuan, 30 percent were foreigners, and about 10 percent were of mixed heritage.

In the very center is Enbizaka, and many of the people who do business in Onigashima have their shops set up along the hill.

.

“Momogengou”

A small village in the western side of Enkoku. In the past it had a different name, but it was given its current name by the first Saruteito.

Nearby is a settlement where the Rangu clan lives.

.

“The Rangu Clan”

A family that has worked for generations at a blade-smithy in a small settlement near Momogengou.

Its founder is the first Saruteito, aka Chartette Langley. When she got caught up in the New Four Horsemen incident in Holy Levianta in year 508, she unexpectedly got her hands on a vessel of deadly sin, “The Twin Swords of Levianta”, and so she wound up being pursued by the sorceress Julia IR for them.

Chartette set out on a journey to the east to escape from her pursuer, and to have some fun sightseeing on the way, and she wound up liking Jakoku so much when she got there that she resolved to live there. When she decided to try being a blade smithy in imitation of her father’s work, that she had watched since she was a young child, she became unexpectedly popular at it, and so decided to make that her job. There were many times when she was given strange looks by Jakokuans as they could tell by her features that she was a foreigner, so she wound up wearing a monkey mask to hide her face whenever she went out in public; however, as she didn’t hide her pink hair it didn’t have much point, and thanks to the mask people were all the more creeped out by her. Though as it resulted in her being able to marry a hunk with a monkey fetish, she didn’t pay that any mind.

In her later years, around the time of the battle of Jagahara she came to be known as the greatest sword smith in the country. It was around then that she reunited with her old friends Elluka and Gumillia, but at the same time Julia wound up discovering her location. Chartette reforged the Twin Swords of Levianta into two pairs of scissors and then entrusted them to her friend Gao Octo. She participated in a final battle with the sorceress then to try and release Germaine from Julia’s hold on her. But the aged Chartette had no chance of winning, and so met an untimely death.

The current Rangu clan are descendants of Chartette, and all of the family heads are named “Saruteito”. The current Saruteito is the 16th.

As the generations have gone on their foreigner blood has waned, and so there are many of them who have features and black hair as befitting a Jakokuan. However, the family head customarily dyes their hair the same shade of pink as the clan founder.

.

“The Crimson Robed Masses”

A group of sorcerers originally led by Julia IR.

The organization remained even after losing contact with Julia, and though they continued to fight against the shogunate despite being small-scale, as time wore on their reason to exist grew warped; by the present day of year 842, they had transformed into an extremist faction that opposed foreigners.

Ten years after the end of the story they fiercely resisted the Maistian navy that had arrived in Jakoku but the tables were turned on them, and the organization was destroyed.

.

Other Countries

The United States of Maistia

A country on the continent of Maistia that was founded in year 776.

They have a branch of the Freezis foundation there, and it’s where a great deal of the merchant ships heading to Jakoku are stationed.

The continent of Maistia was originally discovered by a Freezis trading vessel in the year 592. Once they learned that they could obtain a great deal of fine tobacco, alcohol, and ingredients for medicine in this region, the merchants of Evillious got together and dispatched ships to go there.

Thanks to the development and industry of the Freezis Foundation, eventually people from the Evillious region immigrated to Maistia. But at the same time this also brought about problems with discrimination towards the Maistian natives.

In 760 the people of Maistia, who were then substantially comprised of colonists from Marlon, began an armed uprising seeking their independence. Due to the lengthening of the war the Marlon royal family and the Freezis Foundation steadily lost their power; the situation calmed down when a woman by the name of Elluka Clockworker visited Maistia, and they safely secured their independence.

However, the next year the Marlon family were ousted from their position as royalty due to a civil war that broke out in Marlon. At present the Marlon family maintains a certain amount of influence as nobility, but there is no trace left of them as they were in their golden years.

On the other hand, Maistian independence cast a shadow on the vigor of the Freezis Foundation that had once held overwhelming power in the Evillious region. When the developing Yarera Zusco Firm and the like began to develop the region for business purposes, the Freezis Foundation came to obtain power in foreign trade in the eastern and western Akuna regions.

The Country of Marlon

After year 777, this country came to be ruled by the royal Viwirtz family in the place of the Marlon line.

Anxious about the Republic of Maistia’s development, the government of other countries in the Evillious region are apparently scheming to establish some form of alliance between them.

Holy Levianta

It was a religious country wherein the Levin church holds a great deal of power, but after the Four Horseman Incident in year 508 the influential power that Levin had inside the country reduced considerably, and at present they have shifted to an imperial government under the Musubi dynasty.

The Republic of Lucifenia

After the republic took over in year 510, that structure has continued to be maintained to present day.

Its national power has grown sluggish, and so the government is searching for a means of overcoming this deadlock.

The Country of Elphegort

Despite the continuation of the Elphen royal family’s reign, by and large it is ruled closer to a republic in governmental structure, and the power of the monarchy has greatly diminished.

There have begun to be stronger calls inside the country to shift to a complete republican government.

The Country of Asmodean

The stable imperial government still continues on.

In recent years it’s lost some of its tint as a military country, and its relationship with other countries has become more peaceful.

The Kingdom of Beelzenia

In year 620 the Beelzenian Empire dissolved, and though it received a long period of decline afterwards, in year 820 the Kingdom of Beelzenia was reborn, and it quickly began industrializing.
