There were several nameless islands off the coast of Onigashima.

A lot of them were not islands so much as large rocks, and had no people living on them. Sometimes fishing boats would travel along them.

There was someone sitting on the reef along one of those small islands.

From the waist up, it was a human woman. But from the waist down, instead of two legs they had something that looked like a fish tail with fins.

She was called a mermaid, and from time to time she would be hunted by humans.

If you eat mermaid flesh you’ll become immortal—Who in the world spread such codswallop?

About five years had passed since she’d started living in the nearby sea, and during that time she had never been caught by anyone, calmly surviving on.

But—she felt as though today might be the day.

The mermaid’s scope of vision was vast, and she could see farther than any human being could. That was how she could immediately sense when fishing boats were close, and ultimately how she had avoided danger up until now.

Lately she’d had to watch out for the Freezis Foundation Firm ships. These foreign boats were much faster and better at taking tight turns than Jakokuan ships. Naturally despite their speed there was no way they could match the swimming pace of a mermaid, but they were consistently an enemy she had to keep her guard around.

However, it seemed that today the Freezis louts were planning to leave the country. The largest ship that they owned was preparing to set sail at the harbor, and their leader Perrier Cutie Marlon was on board.

The mermaid had just started to feel some relief, believing that in a short while she would once again be spending her days carefree and calm.

–But it seemed that her most troublesome enemy of all had noticed her existence.

The mermaid could see a single woman riding on a small boat.

The vessel had no boatman, and the woman didn’t look to be rowing

Despite that, the boat was steadily making its way towards her.

She could probably flee. But she knew that if the woman willed it, this boat could move itself much faster than the mermaid could swim.

If it came down to a fight—then it would surely end with the mermaid’s defeat. As far as the mermaid knew, this woman had the most power out of anyone on the ground world.

The woman hardly used any of that power. Even so, she likely wouldn’t hesitate when it came to that mermaid.

The mermaid merely continued to wait for the woman to arrive.
