“It’s been a while, hasn’t it?”

The boat had landed at the reef.

The woman had spoken to the mermaid after getting off the boat and onto a nearby rock.

She was an acquaintance of the mermaid.

This was a reunion of several hundred years. But it was also one where they had both completely transformed from how they’d been from the old days.

Sitting on the rock, the mermaid looked up at the woman and returned the greeting. “Good day…What would you prefer that I call you, as you are now?”

“Call me whatever you like.”

“Elluka…Irina…Eve…Or ‘Ma’. –Although the one most fitting to my mind would of course be ‘Levia’.”

One of the twin gods, “Levia”.

That was one of the constituent spirits that currently comprised Elluka Ma Clockworker.

She was brought into being by the amalgamation of several different personalities. Their collective name was “Ma”, and “Ma” had inherited the memory of all of them combined.

So if the mermaid called her “Levia”, that wasn’t necessarily wrong.

“’Levia’, huh?…You’re the only one around on the ground world who calls me by that name anymore.”

“Hmhm. Hasn’t there been lately? Someone quite close by, in fact.”

“You mean Behemo? I haven’t said a single word to him, and he hasn’t made any attempt to speak to me. We’ve just passed each other by as fellow strangers. So I don’t know why he’s shown up down here, and it doesn’t matter to me. It’d be a different story if he had tried to get in my way, but he’s made no show of that.”

“What amicable twins you are.”
“—Behemo had gotten his hands on the golden key ‘Grim the End’. Has it had no effect on you?”

The mermaid lightly laughed, and then shook her tail fin a little bit. “I’m not so insubstantial as all that. …Unlike the one in the scissors that you’ve got on you.”

“As I thought, the one who sealed Kagura inside these scissors—was you.”

The mermaid laughed again. “Those two scissors—they were once twin blades. They were remade into their current form by a single woman almost three hundred years ago.”

“…Chartette Langley. The woman who went by ‘Saruteito’ in this country. Back then she also sealed them so that the ‘Demon of Deadly Sin’ could not make use of its power. Thanks that, I—both Elluka and Irina—was unable to find them, and they slipped from my grasp.”

“The only ones who knew that the ‘Twin Swords of Levianta’ were changed into ‘Two Scissors’ was Chartette herself and the man known as Okuto Gaou. Having been entrusted with the scissors from Chartette, Gaou sealed them in a cave in Onigashima, and then wouldn’t even show the scissors to his relatives.”

“I suppose that’s why both Gaou and Chartette’s descendants were convinced that they were still in the form of blades. Even I didn’t realize the truth until recently—However.”

There Elluka straightened her posture and continued to speak.
“Several decades earlier, I was finally able to detect your presence in Jakoku. I didn’t yet know the reason for that, but now I do. …That was when you imprisoned Kagura inside the scissors, and slipped out of them in her place. By stealing Kagura’s body you obtained a form in the living world—Isn’t that right, Demon of Envy!”

“You’re not the only one who can use the ‘Swap Technique’, eh Levia?”

“I guess so. Of course, you were the one who taught it to me in the first place.”

Waves beat against the rock, and the spray fell over the two.

They continued speaking, neither paying it any mind.

“Demon of Envy—why did you go as far as stealing Kagura’s body to gain a human form? You went for centuries staying obediently in place, after all.”

“…Is a demon not allowed to fall in love with a human man?”

“You can’t be serious…You wanted to be married to Sudou Nagare…just for that reason alone—”

There the mermaid began to laugh loudly than before.

“Ha ha ha. It’s true. Have some complaint?”

“You…sex-obsessed slut…You haven’t changed.”

“Okuto Kagura had the most ideal features as my new body. Beauty and high magical attainment—I stole her body, eloped with Nagare, and started to live a new life as ‘Sudou Kagura’.”

“And so…you gave birth to Kayo. She wasn’t a Deadly Sin Contractor—she was just the daughter of a demon.”
This time the mermaid sighed dejectedly. “Taking into account all of your failures thus far I have to say that you’re pretty incompetent, Levia. To think that you didn’t realize that fact until today, despite having swapped bodies with Kayo. …Though a demon’s elementary features reside in the soul. So I suppose it’s understandable that you wouldn’t pick up on it just by having gained Kayo’s body.”

“Physically speaking Kayo was the daughter of the real Kagura…In other words, a normal human. But as she had inherited the elementary features of a demon from you, she was able to display superhuman abilities.”

At that point, she could hear a voice speak up from the scissors she’d stowed in her robe.

Err…In that case, how did Kayo come to be able to have prophetic dreams?

To that, Elluka replied, “’Purple Dreams’ are a special exception. That ability lies not in the spirit, but in the body. Behemo would know more on that, but—Well, there’s no point in trying to ask someone who’s not here right now.”

While the two of them were talking, at some point a change had started occurring in the mermaid’s body.

Her lower half was losing its fish tail and fins and was changing into human legs like the kind Elluka had.

“You two seem to be on good terms,” the mermaid—the Demon of Envy teased Elluka and Kagura.

“I don’t know if I’d say that. But at the very least we seem to be in agreement that we loathe you—My my, so you can change into a normal human form.”

“Naturally. I lived in this body for sixteen years as Sudou Kagura, after all.”
“…Why did you leave Kayo and turn into a mermaid?”

“I wish I’d disappeared a lot sooner, really. At that point in time Nagare had died, and I’d already lost interest in the world of humans. But I had wanted to watch over my daughter…over Kayo long enough to see her wedding at least.”

Elluka gnashed her teeth.

“—Are you trying to tell me you had some outpouring of parental affection? Hmph, there’s no way I’d believe that.”

“People…can change, Levia.”

“Silence. You’re not even a person right now but a demon…And I have one more question regarding Kayo.”

“You still love to question people, don’t you Levia. That way you always follow up on everything is very good of you.”

“Why did you direct Kokutan-douji—Allen—to go to Kayo?”

“Isn’t it obvious? So he wouldn’t meet with his other half. If I left him to his own devices, he would eventually recall his purpose and go looking for her. Before that could happen I gave him Kayo as a replacement goal. …Though I couldn’t have imagined that his twin was living nearby in Enbizaka as well. When I realized that, I’m sure you can imagine it gave me a cold sweat.”

“…Just like I thought. You don’t have any parental feelings at all. You were just using Kayo as a tool!”

Elluka jumped down from the rock she was standing on and drew closer to the Demon of Envy.
“…I had a different hope too. That Allen—this boy who is an ‘Irregular’—might save Kayo for me. On that I was half wrong, and half right. For, while he may have been unable to save Kayo from destruction, he did at least manage to save her heart, if only a little.”

“And what was your reason for preventing Allen and Riliane’s reunion? …Though I guess I don’t need to ask you that.”

“Yes…I want to enjoy my life in this world a little bit longer. I’d rather that it not end.”

Elluka held aloft the scissors that she had taken out, aimed at the demon as she smiled.

“Unfortunately, your enjoyable life ends here. You’re going to go back inside these scissors again.”

“…Well, I figured it would come to this. I imagine that I don’t have a chance of winning if I resist.”

“If you think so, then get inside these quickly.”

“—I’ll say just one last thing. Even if I got back inside them, I have no intention of serving you at all. From now on I will fall into an eternal sleep. Until the day of the ending, which is not far off now—"

“The ‘Demon of Envy’, Rahab Barisol. You who was once an underling of Levia, and her mother. –I command you by the name of ‘Ma’! Return to this vessel!”

In that moment, both the scissors and the demon’s body shined.

And then the demon was quietly sucked into the scissors.
“…Did that go alright?” Elluka looked up at an empty space above her head, holding the scissors in her hand. “Kagura-san. Are you there?”

When she did, Kagura’s voice replied back to her, …Yes. I’ve been safely let out of the scissors. By swapping with the demon.

“I see…Now that I think on it, there was no need to suck her body into the scissors alongside her. If we still had it I could restore your soul to it again.”

I’m sure you had no intentions of doing that from the beginning. …I don’t mind. This whole time I’ve always thought of myself as being dead already, you see.

“Thank goodness for that. Well, feel free to wander a bit as a spirit. During that time I’m sure someone from the Heavenly Yard will—”

“In that case, would you like to come with me, Kagura-san?”

Someone spoke up from behind Elluka.

“Who’s there!?” When she turned around, she saw that at some point—Behemo had appeared. “Since when were you—”

Behemo ignored her and spoke up to the area above her head.

“I was just about to head back to the Heavenly Yard myself. If you like, I can take you with me.”
Sigh…Bufuko-san…Just who are you, really?

“Me? I’m—a god.”

The Heavenly Yard…That would be paradise, wouldn’t it? If you say you’ll guide me then I’ve no reason to refuse you, but—

“Yeah? Well then, let’s get going.”

Behemo’s body floated into the air.

He shifted to the area above Elluka, and then made a gesture as though he was holding someone in his arms—

Then he vigorously flew off in the direction of Onigashima.

Left all alone, Elluka stood there with a put-out expression on her face.

“That jackass…Completely ignoring me as he did all that…”

And then her eyes fell upon the scissors she was carrying.

“…Well, I guess I’ve achieved my goal for now.”

She then looked towards the ship that was anchored at the port at Onigashima.

“It’ll be time to set sail soon. I suppose I’ll return home too.”

Elluka climbed into her small boat and used her magic to get it moving.
