“Looks like you’ve recovered from the effects of Grim the End now,” Behemo said to the soul of Kagura that he was holding as they flew through the air.

Grim the End…you mean that golden key?

“Yes. Though it went haywire right after Kayo-san died and went flying off somewhere—Well, I suppose I should be grateful that’s the only thing that went wrong.”

…I still almost can’t believe that you’re a god, Bufuko-san.

A certain, pitiful boy who had lost his head over Bufuko sprung to Kagura’s mind.

Inukichi-kun will probably be depressed…

“It was a hopeless crush anyway. I’m a man, after all.”

My my…That makes it even more sad for Inukichi-kun.

“I appreciate all you’ve done up to now, Kagura-san. It must have been hard to watch over Kayo-san when she wasn’t even your daughter, wasn’t it?”

I…didn’t do anything…And besides.

“Hm?”

Even if that demon was the one to actually birth Kayo—she was… a daughter to me.

“Hmmm? If that’s how you feel then that’s fine, isn’t it?”

The two of them continued to fly.

By the by, Bufuko-san…It seems to me like we’re heading towards Onigashima. I had always thought that paradise was up in the direction of the sky—
“Ah…Actually there’s one other person who’ll be traveling with us. We’re just heading out to pick him up now.”

I guess that Kayo…wasn’t able to go to paradise after all.

“Unfortunately Kayo-san’s killed too many people. And—although this isn’t her fault at all—she has had the fate of Deadly Sin from birth. The Heavenly Yard cannot accept her.”

…

“The destination of Kayo-san’s soul—is hell.”

.

Once he had reached the air above Onigashima, Behemo then flew to Enbizaka’s execution site with Kagura along.

Waiting for him there was Kokutan-douji.
