♣ Yukina ~On the HMS Victoricia, “Main Deck"~

“Miss Chartette!”

“Oi, long time no see, Yukina.”

The head of the Langley Unit in the Beelzenian army,
Chartette Langley. She had expressly come to an enemy country to see off my
departure.

Beelzenia and Marlon had once again agreed to a
cease-fire. Marlon had proposed a most advantageous agreement for Beelzenia. Their
real problem was that if the war kept on the way it was going, Beelzenia had little
hope of winning, lacking in material resources as they were. To Beelzenia this
was probably the best compromise possible.

Naturally, that didn’t mean that there was no more ill
will between the two countries. It wouldn’t be a surprise if they ended up starting
a war again someday.

It seemed Chartette had to always be under surveillance
to act in the Lucifenian territory, being a Beelzenian soldier.

“And that surveillance is in the form of that jerk
there, yannow.”

Chartette’s expression was sour, and in the direction she
pointed was Lily wearing a Lucifenian army uniform.

“Have you been reinstated in the Lucifenian army,
Miss Lily?”

“After quite a bit of trouble. There’s a whole mess
of problems, but it’s my home country. I thought…maybe I could change it from
the inside.”

“But how could you be taken in so quickly after
deserting before…?”

“Well you see, I did the same as you. I just used
what I could.”

“…?”

“I decisively employed my parental
connections!”

“Hahaha, got it!”

Beside Lily, Chartette got out some kind of cylinder
wrapped in cloth.

“Where’s Big Sis? I got somethin’ I wanna give to
her, yannow.”

“M–miss Germaine is uh…a little tied up right
now.”

“Gotcha. Well then, I’ll give ya this instead. …Be
careful now, it’s a little heavy, yannow.”

Chartette unwrapped the cloth from the cylinder and
handed it over to me.

“Is this…a rapier?”

“I had my dad make a new one, yannow. I heard Big Sis broke
hers, ya see.”

“Thank you very much. I’m sure Miss Germaine will be
thrilled.”

“Actually, I was kinda wantin’ to go to Marlon with
you all, yannow…”

Chartette folded her arms, looking genuinely regretful.

“You have your own station too, Miss Chartette. It
can’t be helped. Just you coming to see us off like this is more than
enough.”

“Time’s almost up, Langley. Let’s go.” Lily
grabbed Chartette’s shoulder.

“…Come on, just a bit longer.”

“Huh?”

“I still gotta go say hi to someone, yannow!” Chartette said,
before bluntly heading to the ship’s hold.

“H–hang on a second, Langley!”

Lily flusteredly started to run after her, but suddenly
stopped and turned back to me.

“Yukina…”

“What is it, Miss Lily?”

“I don’t know what’s going on with the country of
Marlon myself, but try not to do anything rash.”

“You don’t need to worry. It’s where I was
born.”

“Ha ha, that’s right. Well then. When things have
settled down you should come back to Lucifenia again.”

“Of course. Let’s eat and chat again when I
do.”

Lily quickly saluted, and then turned around to chase
after Chartette.

After one hour Chartette got off the boat, Lily dragging
her by the ear.

I watched everything from the main deck and took notes;
Chartette was shouting something with a smile on her face, but I couldn’t catch
what it was she was saying.
