Late into the night, when the moon began to rule the sky in stead of the sun–

Nyoze stood alone at the place where the castle had once been.

In his hand he gripped the black music box that the man had given to him.

The thing that Alicegrad had been guarding…That was what the man had said.

Nyoze guessed that he’d been referring to where the queen lived, the “LeviaBehemo temple”.

That was what the castle had originally been built to protect, if you looked back at the history.

But that temple had vanished from the ground world now.

There was nothing there—not even any dead bodies.

Compared to the other buildings that castle should have been the strongest above all.

That destructive light had been enough to completely wipe it out.

So, doesn’t…look like there’s much chance of me finding any clues…

He could just cast away what that man had said as the ramblings of a madman.

But at present it seemed that Nyoze had nothing left he could turn to except this music box.

He took out the windup key, and, steeling himself, put it into the music box.

Then he slowly wound the spring.

.

Lu li la.

Lu li la.

.

Eventually music began to play from the music box.

It was a different tune from the one that he’d heard that day.

Its stiff tone etched out a melody that felt somewhat strained.

I wonder…what sort of title this piece has.

As he pondered this, Nyoze waited for something to occur next.

“…”

There was no change.

The song merely continued to play through the dusk.

A melody that only Nyoze was listening to.

…Heheh, that’s right. That man directed me to listen to this music box here…But I guess he didn’t say anything about something occurring as a result of that.

It wasn’t that he’d been lied to.

He’d just made an incorrect assumption all on his own.

He decided to begin his search again once the sun had come back up. If he could collaborate with the other soldiers of the cavalry unit he might very well be able to find something–

It happened right as Nyoze started to move to turn back.

“—Another castaway of time.”

A woman’s voice.

He couldn’t be sure of where he was hearing it from.

It could be a shout from far away, a whisper in his ear, or even music resounding inside Nyoze’s mind.

This voice without a gauge for its distance murmured once more:

“Welcome, to this happy country.”

In that moment, the scenery around him transformed.

Nyoze was encircled by countless small lights.

Are these…horses? …No. They’re not real horses.

These wooden horses ran, entwined with lights.

They were endlessly circling around the same spot.

Above his head he could hear what sounded like gears turning.

When he looked up he could see an enormous windmill with a box suspended at its top, slowly rotating as it made that noise.

A world of varying things going around and around.

And at some point, Nyoze found himself lost in the center of it all.

“My my, how sad…You’re bound in chains.”

Again, there was that woman’s voice.

Nyoze shouted, in defiance to her, “I am not bound by anything! Who are you!? Show yourself!”

“Show myself? …Such a thing accomplishes no meaning here. Still…if you wish.”

From within the darkness appeared a single woman, both of her arms bound in shackles.

–Or rather, perhaps the woman’s form took shape in a space where before there had been nothing.

At any rate, it seemed this was the owner of the voice.

“Now then, castaway. What do you wish for?” the eerily white-skinned woman asked Nyoze. “Destruction…Rebirth…Or maybe the path to Angolmois?”

“I…just want to know the truth! I want to know the reason that the Magic Kingdom Levianta was brought to ruin!”

“The ‘wrath of the gods’ that was to come one day arrived…That’s all it was.”

“But the time of the ‘Gear of Twilight’ hadn’t arrived yet! The catastrophe occurred much sooner than the queen predicted! Why was that!?”

“Sigh…What a waste of time. Such a thing is little more than a tiny discrepancy.” The woman shook her head, as though disappointed. “If you came here for such a trivial thing as that, then there is nothing to be done with you.”

“W…Wait just a second! It might seem that way to you, but to me it is crucially important!”

The woman glared down at Nyoze with an imperious bearing.

“Then you should ask someone else. Another castaway here.”

“That—"

“He shall appear here before long. Enjoy your conversation with your brother.”

“…My older brother Gammon is here!?”

“That was his name, was it? Not that names have any real meaning here.”

“…You still haven’t answered my first question. Who…are you? Your name—"

“I’m quite sure you just heard that names have no meaning here. Still…if you desire, you shall have a temporary name to use.”

“…”

“We are Madam Merry-Go-Round.”

Merry-Go-Round…It was the family name that the successive generations of queens went by; or to put it conversely, it was a name that no one outside of the queens were allowed to use.

Before Nyoze could ask her if she was a relative of the queen, her figure disappeared, as though melting into the darkness.

Simultaneously, all of the lights around him also vanished. Nyoze was shut up in total darkness.

“…”

He could do nothing but wait. She had told him that Gammon would eventually come here. He had no choice but to believe in her words.

…Finally, with the clack of footsteps a human being tinged with a faint light approached him.

“—Gammon.”

It was none other than Gammon, Nyoze’s older brother.

And yet, this reunion was not necessarily a happy one for Nyoze.

“I…suppose I can’t rejoice that you’re alright.”

There was a plain and obvious reason why Nyoze would say that to him.

His older brother shouldn’t have been that much removed from him in age.

The last time they’d seen each other, before he’d left the country…Gammon’s face had been lined with deep wrinkles, and there had been white growing into his hair. Proof that his long years of hard work was beginning to show an effect on him.

Yet the Gammon that stood before him now looked much younger than his true age, as though he were a youth just barely into his twenties.

His brother was no longer a human of this world—that was something Nyoze understood the moment he laid eyes upon him.

“Nyoze…So, you did come here after all.”

“You don’t sound very welcoming.”

“That’s not true. I’m very happy I got to see you again. But at the same time…this means that you too have become a ‘Castaway of Time’.”

“The woman from before said that too. What is she? And what is this place—"

“Madam Merry-Go-Round. I myself can’t completely explain what she is. She is a manager of time, an amalgamation of the generations of queens, an Irregular…Something along those lines.”

That had been a barrage of phrases that Nyoze couldn’t understand the meaning of, but even so he could make some conjecture from it.

“Are we…inside the LeviaBehemo Temple?”

“We are. Rightly speaking, only candidates for queen are allowed to enter here. Though the temple is no longer standing, the space inside it continues to remain like this. This is a threshold of time where not even gods can interfere.”

“That’s curious. That there should be a space inside a temple that venerating the gods that the gods aren’t able to interact with.”

“The gods aren’t omnipotent. Just as a child isn’t a perfect puppet of their parents neither can the gods completely take hold of humanity’s deeds.”

But the gods really had brought their country to destruction, by their own hand.

Humans were powerless before the will of the gods, were they not?

“Gammon, what I want to learn is…Why did the gods destroy our country, in the end? Do you know the answer to that?”

“You’re a bit mistaken in your premise, Nyoze.”

“…?”

“The ones that created the source of our country’s downfall—were people. Yes, what we truly ought to fear is humanity…the desire that lurks in human hearts.”

“I don’t understand…I don’t get it. People witnessed the dragon god destroying our country. Yet you say the catastrophe was the work of humanity?”

“You’re smart, so I’m sure you’ve already noticed several things that are unnatural about the catastrophe, haven’t you? The senate was in the process of achieving the gods’ demands.”

“…The new queen had already become pregnant with the ‘Twins of God’. We just had to wait for her to safely give birth to them.” Then those twins would become the avatars of the gods…And through their power, the world would be saved. “And yet…Why did the gods not wait for the ‘Gear of Twilight’? There was still time left before the prophesized deadline.”

“Desire. As a result of two desires joining together, the catastrophe came much sooner than planned…Though it was brought about in a different fashion than someone anticipated.”

“Please be more specific.”

“Don’t be so hasty. I’ll need to go through this step by step. If I don’t…You won’t be able to leave this space again.”

“What?”

“Madam Merry-Go-Round is a ruthless woman. She has a policy that those who come are welcome, and those who leave are not regretted…But she is not so kind as to pave the way for you herself.” Gammon pointed to the music box that Nyoze was holding. “You came here by way of the ‘Clockwork Lullaby’ playing from that box. But that song is a one-way passage. I fear you can’t escape from here just by playing it again.”

“…Did that man set me up?”

“Well, who knows? I can guess who it was who gave that to you, but he wasn’t insane yet when I had met with him.”

“Is he an acquaintance of yours, Gammon? That man.”

“…? I’m sure that you must have recognized him too…? Ah well, let’s save that for later. If we don’t go through this according to the gears of time, the door to escape won’t open. Without a key, you have no other method available to you.”

He still couldn’t grasp anything of what he was saying, but Nyoze at the very least understood that he had no choice but to do as Gammon told him.

Several small lights began to float up from the darkness around Gammon.

When he looked more closely, he could see that they were all in the shape of gears.

These various gears of light, both large and small, began to turn in the space around him.

Gammon took one of the gears in hand.

“This, Nyoze, is a gear of your memory. Let’s start from here first…From that day that served as the catalyst for that ugly, mutual slaughter.”

Gammon let go of the gear, and it once more floated into the air.

Its light grew stronger, until it had driven away all of the darkness in their surroundings.

“This is…”

A familiar scene had burst into Nyoze’s field of vision.

The reception hall of Alicegrad castle.

The grave solemnity it had in the old days, before the catastrophe had occurred–
