–She was rarely in a good mood on days when she had that dream of being chased by something.

But that wasn’t the only reason that Meta Salmhofer was in sour spirits.

She’d woken up earlier than planned at the sound of someone banging on her bedroom door and shouting angrily.

“Oi, wake up, Meta!”
…It was Raisa Netsuma’s voice.

Apparently that coarse, white-haired woman had no concept of tact.

Ultimately, Raisa violently kicked the door open to enter without waiting for a reply from Meta.

“Morning, Meta—You look unhappy. That my bad?”

“…Well, you’re certainly not the first face I want to see in the morning.”

Raisa’s entire face was covered in painful looking burn scars, which extended down past her neck. If she were to take off her clothing one could likely see similar scars covering her entire body.

She led a band of savages called the “White Army” in the Magic Kingdom of Levianta’s south-west region, after having immigrated here with her father from the country of “Jakoku” in the far-east. At present, she was one of the top brass of “Apocalypse”, just like Meta.

Meta didn’t care for her much.

It wasn’t because her appearance was so hideous. She simply felt Raisa was unsuited to being a top member with her wildness and lacking of real strength.

The one who decided to add Raisa to their “allies” was their leader, Pale. Meta didn’t think she had such an open mind as he did, but at the very least she could rest assured that Pale wasn’t going to get any untoward ideas about Raisa with that appearance of hers.

“Our base in the north has fallen,” Raisa said, expressionless. She might have been genuinely angry, or she could also have been smiling; her facial muscles barely moved, so it was hard to tell.

“Ah, I see,” Meta replied bluntly.

The Royal Army—the group that had originally been called the peacekeeping forces—had become more lively as of late.

It was nothing they could help.

Pale wasn’t the sort to overlook the state of things at large. He’d taken advantage of the political upheaval occurring in the royal capital to simultaneously reinvigorate Apocalypse’s efforts.

Thanks to the havoc now being orchestrated by all of their “friends” in other regions, the entire kingdom was being swallowed up in a tide of chaos.

Pillaging, rapes, murders…This world, having lost all sense of order, was now becoming Pale’s utopia.

What would be awaiting them when it was complete?

…Only Pale knew that.

But at the very least, this world’s morals, its ethics, its laws…there existed no small number of people who believed all of them foolish.

.

–Meta was one such person.

She could only remember fragments of her memories from when she was young, but whatever the case she had rooted in her heart the knowledge that she was an orphan and had lived her life alone, and the awareness that she hated everything in this world.

Her only clear memories were after she had turned twenty years old.

She didn’t know how she had ended up so, but she was confined by a farm owner, and sexually assaulted by him on practically a daily basis.
Meta herself only discovered this later, but…the man had been ensnared by the power of the “Inheritor of Gilles” that she held. At the time she still had no idea how to use her power, and had put it into operation without meaning to.

One day, when Meta awoke she saw the farmer naked and bound in rope beside her.

She realized that there were several armed men surrounding them.

A bespectacled man who looked to be the leader of this group stepped forward, and crouched before Meta.

He handed her a single knife, and wordlessly smiled.

She stood—and then stabbed the farmer with the knife in her hand over and over again.

This…was her first murder that she could remember.

And her meeting with Pale.

.

–Whatever the case, it was clear that the government couldn’t just let be all of the atrocities that Pale, Meta, and the others had committed up to this point.

The new head of the senate, Gammon Loop Octopus, had increased the numbers of the peacekeeping forces, restructured the organization, and then sent it out to crush Apocalypse as the Royal Army.

Currently they were…fairly evenly matched.

But if it kept up like this, they would eventually be overcome by the gap in combat power between them.

The royal army’s heavy carriages were a force to be reckoned with. Neither Meta’s seductive powers nor Raisa’s flames could penetrate their bulky armor.

They would need to decide on a plan now.

Would they strike all at once and hijack the royal capital before they could be done in?

Or would they take a defensive approach?

“Go recapture our base in the north for now,” Meta ordered Raisa.

“Hey now. You make that sound like it’ll be easy.”

“If it looks difficult, just stall the Royal Army, at least. I lend you half my Red Devotees to go with your White Army.”

“But then our western flank will be stretched thin.”

“You just leave that to the Baron.”

“Got it.”

Raisa turned on her heel and left the bedroom.

…Now then—

Meta stripped out of her sleepwear, leaving her completely naked.

–Time to go see my darling.
