After changing into her favorite casual wear, Meta headed for Pale’s room.

When she stood before his door she could hear a man and woman talking inside.

The door opened before she could knock, and a lightly-dressed Milky appeared.

“Oh my…Nice to see you, Lady Meta,” Milky politely greeted with a somewhat triumphant expression, heading back to her own room.

“…”

Meta entered Pale’s room without a word.

Inside, Pale was laying in bed and smoking a cigarette.

Meta walked up to him, waving off the wafting smoke.

“Good morning, Darling.”

“Ah, good morning, Meta.”

“…”

“…Are you angry?”

“As if. Like I’d be jealous of a little brat like that.” Meta sat down beside Pale. “Even if you sleep with someone else, I’ll still love you. And in the end, you’ll always come back to me.”

“You’re quite sure of yourself.”

“It’s the truth. My ‘bewitching’ power doesn’t work on you. And yet, there is—a definite love between us.”

Pale had a fairly unique physical makeup. It could also be said that this gave him a particular “illness”.

If he didn’t periodically absorb magical energy from someone else, he would rapidly lose his youth.

And the act of absorption—was achieved through sexual intercourse.

The fact was that it would be too much of a strain on Meta to be his only partner for that.

Though she possessed powerful magical ability, it just wasn’t enough to satisfy Pale.

“Milky’s a pretty tough woman. I sucked up quite a bit of magical power, and she was still quite nonchalant about it.”

“She doesn’t hold a candle to me, though.” Meta noticed a small black box on a nearby shelf. “—You’ve made another one, I see.”

When she wound the key on the side of the box, a melody began to play.

…But it sounded unstable somehow.

“Another poorly made music box like always,” Meta said, snickering.

“It’s true. Guess I’ll need to go study how to make one under a proper craftsman.”

“Surely that’s not necessary. It’s just a hobby, after all.”

“It’s specifically because it’s a hobby that I’m so fixed on it.” Pale took Meta’s hand and received the music box from her. “Sigh…I’ll need to fix up the cylinder.”

“Wanna hear something intereresting?”

“Shoot.”

“The north’s fallen. Raisa’s going to try to take it back right now.”

“I see…This is baffling. I have the feeling that our enemies are getting able to predict our movements.”

There was a faint furrow in Pale’s brow as he set the music box down.

“You mean we might have enemy spies in Apocalypse?” Meta asked.

“Maybe…Any ideas who?”

“The only one I can think of would be—Raisa.”

It was clear that she didn’t have any real loyalty to Pale.

Raisa was the sort of woman who simply rampaged, stole, and played as she pleased.

She hated the “Witch of the Forest” Eve who had struck her with lightning and had been trying to get revenge on her, but Eve was currently missing, having left the Royal Capital.

Meta could sense quite keenly that with this knowledge Raisa had lost much of her inspiration.

“There’s not much of a chance that Raisa’s hated enemy will become the new queen, now. So she no longer has much motivation to fight with the Royal Army.”

“But that doesn’t give her a reason to betray us either.”

“She’ll join up with anyone who puts gold in front of her. She’s just a robber, after all.”
“I see…Maybe.” Pale got out of bed and stood. “We’ll need to be more careful—I’ll head north too.”

“You? But I thought you weren’t supposed to go out in public much—”

“We can’t keep making that excuse with the way things are now. …Besides, I haven’t received word from my ‘brother’ in several years.”

“You’re saying your ‘brother’ might already be dead…And if that’s the case, there’s no need for you to be cautious anymore.”

“Exactly.” Pale got dressed and prepared to head outside. “Meta. You should go west and join up with Yegor. I want you to get the forest of Held under control as soon as possible.”

“—Got it.”

In truth, she wanted to go with Pale.

But Meta knew better than anyone that he didn’t like such willfulness.

“Well then…Be careful.”

“Yes, you as well.”

After they kissed, Meta left the room.

And then, with her troops along, she set out to the west.
