The “Baron” was Yegor Asayev.

His methods were so brutal and merciless that it was hard to believe he had originally been a priest serving the gods.

The forest of Held, the eastern region. There was a village there where the people of the forest quietly lived, but when Meta arrived there wasn’t a single person left that she could see.

He really did a number on this place.

Meta looked around.

A faint mist had started to spread, and her vision was slightly obscured.

Even so, from what she could make out—while the buildings and installations had been destroyed, all of the bodies had been neatly tidied up.

Compared to how Meta and Raisa did things—which might have been a little odd to say—Yegor always carried out his work in a very methodical fashion.

He was the same with everyone.

There was a clear stench of death in the air, but on the other hand she couldn’t make out a single corpse.

Like always he seems to have burned them all or buried them somewhere…

It was looking like he hadn’t left anything for Meta to do here.

The Baron and his “Black Army”…Maybe they’re attacking another village right now.

There was no longer any sign of Yegor’s forces in this one.
.

The mist had started to grow thicker.

One of Meta’s “Red Devotees” came running her way to report something to her.

“We’ve found a survivor. Just one.”

“How are they?”

“Not putting up any real resistance.”

Following her devotee, Meta went to see the state of this survivor.

It was in front of a field of Trauben in the village’s western side.

It was a woman, bloodstained and surrounded by Red Devotees.

She was cowering on the ground, crying.

“Uuooh…Uuhh…”

Meta asked, looking down on the green-haired woman, “What’s got you so sad, young miss?”

It was a pointless question. Her reason for crying was obvious when looking at the situation around her.

Yet Meta had prompted her anyway, to satisfy her sadistic desires.

“…Cecil…Vell…They’re not here.”

“Who are they?”

“My…adorable children…aren’t anywhere.”
Yegor wasn’t the sort of man to show restraint, even if the subject was a child.

Cecil and Vell were probably bones buried in the dirt somewhere, by now.

Stupid woman, Meta scoffed dismissively in her mind.

She should rejoice that she had managed to survive.

Children?

She could just make new ones.

“Uuoohh…Aaauugh…”

The woman continued bawling.

Sigh…What a bother.

Meta moved to order one of her devotees to kill her.

“…!?”

And there, she noticed something strange was happening.

All of her devotees had crumbled to the ground, gurgling foam.

And then—Meta herself was attacked by a rapid onset of dizziness.

This mist…could it be…poison!?

As her consciousness grew muddled–

Meta saw several figures approaching her from within the mist.
Eventually a crew wearing masks stood before her—

And they wreathed her body in sturdy chains
