Once she was moved to a room, Meta wondered if the day had finally come where they would kill her.

The room was without decoration, just like the cell she’d been in up to this point.

Its sole difference was that there was a wooden chair in the center of it. The feet of the chair were bolted to the ground, and it had several leather straps attached to it.

She’d heard some rumors.

That this sort of thing was an execution chair.

An execution device where electricity would flow through it, killing the person sitting there.
Meta recalled Raisa’s ugly features.

…Maybe those burn scars had been from being struck by lightning.

Well, this probably wouldn’t be enough to make her look like that. She had no lingering regrets, nor was she afraid of death, but she did want to leave behind a pretty body when she died, if possible.

That aside…

How odd to have something like this in a temple meant to venerate the gods.

Though, I guess it’s not that strange. This is a temple Yegor runs, after all.

He would probably say something like, “This lightning strike is judgment from the gods!”

“—Sit,” ordered the executioner, someone with their face entirely covered by a hood.

…It was a man’s voice.

There was no one else in the room outside of him and Meta.

“…”

As Meta obediently sat down, she started hatching a plan.

…This room doesn’t look like it was made with any of that magic-sealing artifact.

She could try controlling the executioner with her bewitching ability, or else—

“If you’re thinking about trying to put up some kind of pointless resistance, you’d better think again,” the executioner said to Meta as he released her manacles. “The powers of an ‘Inheritor of Gilles’ don’t work on me.”

Meta’s brow lifted.

“…You. You’re not just a simple executioner.”

Now that she thought about it, she did feel that his voice was somehow familiar to her.

It resembled someone that Meta knew quite well—

“It can’t be…Darling? Is that you!?”

The executioner lifted his hood.

–And underneath was, quite clearly, the face of Meta’s beloved Pale.

For a moment, her eyes light up…

But then her expression quickly regained its composure.

“…No. You’re not Pale.”

The man who looked like Pale grinned when he heard that.

“Hey now. You figured it out pretty quickly. I’d been hoping to poke fun at you by pretending to be Pale for a little bit.”

“What kind of game is this? –Seth.”

“It’s been a long time, Meta. Last we met was I think when you tried to kill me at Merrigod Plateau?”

“You here to get payback for that now? Didn’t think you were the type to hold a grudge.”

But Seth slowly shook his head.

“Hardly. I wouldn’t be holding a grudge against you. It wasn’t something you chose to do on your own, after all—It was Pale’s orders, wasn’t it?”

“Nope. I was just trying to do something nice for him, knowing that he was starting to shun you.”

“Well, whatever the case, the fact remains that Pale had been starting to rebel against me, his ‘brother’.”

“Yes, and you too—have become our enemy.”

Seth once more shook his head.

“You’re wrong. I’m not your ally, but I’m not your enemy either—Rather, I came here to help you.”

“…? What do you mean?”

“It would be too difficult to avert your execution at this stage. Gammon’s ordered the complete extermination of Apocalypse. So…I have no choice but to put you to death, for now.”

“…So you really do want to kill me.”

“Let me finish. It’s impossible to get you out of here alive. But—that’s not necessarily true of a corpse. All criminal corpses are slated to be temporarily taken to a mortuary on the outskirts.”

“…And then you’ll revive me at that mortuary and I’ll roam the graveyard as a zombie.”

Meta had said that in an attempt to be joking, but Seth nodded seriously at her comment.

“I’m glad you’re so understanding.”

“Wait a second…Are you kidding me? I’m really going to turn into a zombie—"

“Ha ha, alright, alright. I’ll explain it properly.”
Seth finally began to tell Meta about the plan he was thinking of from the beginning.

.

–After she was done listening, Meta nodded in understanding.

“I see…But will it really work?”

“On that, you’ll just have to trust me. At any rate, once you have safely escaped from here, you’ll then need to head straight to my research institute and participate in my experiment—that is your condition for my help.”

“…Got it.”

Meta quietly nodded.

“Put this around your neck.” Seth handed Meta a pendant with a heart charm attached. “The decorative piece is designed to open up. Inside is a map that records the route to get to the research institute.”

“You’re well prepared.” Meta put on the pendant as instructed.

“That’s because my own position will be at risk if you screw up—Well, shall we begin?”

Seth began to fasten the execution chair’s straps to Meta’s arms and legs.

She made no move to resist, simply watching him.

“Phew…Hey…Is this gonna hurt a lot?”

“Maybe? I’ve never been executed before, so I wouldn’t know.”
“Obviously.”

Meta’s abdomen and forehead were strapped to the chair.

“All ready…Now then.” Seth pulled away from the execution chair, and put his hand on the switch affixed to the wall to start up the device.

“…”

Meta swallowed.

“Now then—Have a nice trip, Meta Salmhofer!”

Seth threw the switch.

“–!”

Electricity struck Meta’s body—

And she immediately lost consciousness.
