Several months passed from then—

And Meta gave birth to twins.

A fraternal pair, male and female…Both of them wound up being placed inside a life support system immediately after they were born.

.

Inside the Royal Research Institute.

Placed in what had been named the “Baby Room” were two enormous glass cylinders.

The interior of the cylinders were filled with clear liquid, and inside each one floated a baby affixed with tubes.

Gammon gazed upon them from before the cylinders.

“—Are they alright?” he asked Seth, who was standing next to him.

“Yes. They had trouble breathing on their own right after they were born…But they’ve recovered. Now they’re in the life support system just for caution’s sake.”

“I see…I’d like to take these twins to the castle as soon as possible. Make preparations.”

“Understood. I should be able to get them ready in…one week.”

The “Twins of God” had been born without a hitch…But that didn’t mean it was all finished here.

The twins would need to be made into receptacles for the gods.
The legacy “Sin” that lay under the temple of LeviaBehemo—There would be a rite to transfer the soul of the dragon god that rested within it into the twins’ bodies. –Carrying that out was another thing that had been in the prophecy.

“The problem is how to perform such a rite, I suppose—” Seth wondered aloud, but Gammon didn’t appear all that worried about it.

“As for the rite—the queen herself will take care of everything.”

“My…What is it, specifically?”

“The ‘Swap Technique’. It is a secret art that can move a soul to a different body…Right now in Levianta there is only one person who can perform it—Queen Alice.”

“…So you’re saying there used to be others who could use the ‘Swap Technique’?”

“It’s said that all of our queens have historically been able to use it—‘Hearing the voice of the gods’ might actually just be the soul of the gods temporarily inhabiting her body.”

Seth made a show of being impressed at Gammon, but in truth he had actually learned about the “Swap Technique” long before.

That was because—he himself could use the same technique.

That was how Horus had become Seth, and how he had been able to move Pale into a new body.

…All that aside.

Seth peered at Gammon’s profile as he had started to look upon the twins once more.

You’ve become quite knowledgeable, haven’t you?
As far as Seth knew, the old Gammon was a brusque man who specialized only in swords and guns.

Has he been studying more since taking on the position of senate head? …I hardly think it’d be just that.

This in itself—was almost like some other soul had been moved into his body, now wasn’t it?

.

–The following day, Gammon announced to the citizenry that the “Twins of God”, “Hänsel” and “Gretel”, had been born.

And to commemorate this fact, under the orders of Queen Alice Merry-Go-Round a new “Evillious Calendar” was established, with the year in which the twins were born to be used as its starting point.
