Meta and Pale ran through a dark, nighttime street.

Fortunately the fog was thick tonight, and there was no moon out.

With the field of vision being this bad, it would be comparatively simple to flee town—

But right as she had been on the cusp of thinking that.

Pale’s gait as he ran began to rapidly grow unsteady.
Eventually—he tumbled to the ground.

“Pale!?”

Meta raced back over to him, the babies in her arms.

“Ugh…”

He seemed on the verge of losing consciousness.

…It can’t be.

Meta looked around her.

This mist that hung over them…

She recalled what had happened at the village in the forest.

“Oh…?” A man appeared there, letting out a little noise of curiosity. “Why did it only work on Pale?”

She couldn’t see his face under the mask he wore, but she knew who he was right away from the sound of his voice.

“Seth…So you’re the one who made this poisoned fog…!”

“It’s something of a byproduct of constructing ‘Venom’. He won’t die—but he will sleep for several days. Be that as it may…I couldn’t very well spread this over the entire town. I disseminated it over the route you two were most likely to use in your escape, and it seems to have paid off quite well.”

“…”
“So, why didn’t it work on you?”

“…How should I know–?”

And then Meta peered down at her babies, taken aback.

…They were both laughing innocently.

It looked as though this mist had no ill effect on either of them, as well.

“Ah, I see.” Seth clapped his hands, appearing to have grasped something. “A woman who had the ‘Seed of God’ put inside her, and her children—Levia’s divine protection…You must have built up antibodies.”

She had no idea what he was talking about, but at any rate as long as this poison mist wasn’t working on her, she had well enough of a chance to escape from Seth.

But she couldn’t just leave Pale—

“R-run…Meta…” Pale whispered with a vacant expression. “I’ll be fine…Seth won’t…kill me.”

Seth drew closer, chuckling. “Heheh…That’s right. You’re truly incredible, Pale. An incredibly—bad child. So I won’t kill you.”

Pale pointed to the south with a trembling hand.

“Leave the…country….Somewhere with few people…The army…shouldn’t be able…to follow you there.”
“…”

Meta brought her face down to Pale, and kissed him.

“Got it. …I’ll be waiting for you in the ‘Forest of Held’.”

“Right—"

Meta stood, turned her back to Seth, and sprinted off.

“Ah—Hey now, wait up.”

Seth moved as though to chase Meta, but Pale seized his leg, still sprawled out over the ground.

“I won’t let you go…Brother.”

“Pale…I won’t kill you. I won’t, but—”

Seth shook off the hand gripping his leg, and then kicked Pale’s flank as hard as he could.

“Gugh…!”

“—I might need to ‘reset’ your mind for a bit.”

When Seth lifted his face and turned back to the direction Meta had run off—

She was already long gone.
