♣ Yukina ~On the HMS Victoricia, “Stern Deck"~

The sailors were engaged in their work on the stern of
the ship. Among them, there was a boy gazing at the sea, leaning heavily on the
handrailing.

He wore blue breeches with suspenders. Of course, he was
not in the navy, nor was he a sailor.

“Shaw~”

When I called to him, the boy turned around with an
unabashedly sullen expression.

“…I’m really upset right now. Please don’t talk to
me.”

“How cold! Is that how you greet your big sister who
you haven’t seen in ages?”

“Think of my feelings, getting stuck with coming all
the way out here to Lucifenia for you!”

His name was Shaw Freezis. He was none other than my
little brother.

It seemed that my becoming a wanted person after the
incident at the palace had reached my father’s ears, as expected. According to
Shaw, my father had been in such a state at hearing about it that he could
hardly look at him.

But my father was extremely busy, and unable to leave
Marlon. Or rather, apparently he’d actually attempted to drop everything and
come right over to Lucifenia, but he was stopped by my mother and his executive
staff.

And so the one that he appointed as his messenger was Shaw,
currently studying to be his heir. It also had the aim of
broadening Shaw’s knowledge with this opportunity, him being such a homebody
and all.

Of course, there was no way my father would let his
precious eldest son go to another country all on his own. He had sent along
with him eleven fellow travelers as attendants. It was extremely
overprotective.

Thus, having made my reunion with my little brother after
a year and a half, I was now being somewhat forcibly brought back to my home in
Marlon. It couldn’t be helped, considering how tumultuous things had gotten,
but I couldn’t help but be disappointed at having to accept my journey ending
like this.

“Sigh~ And
I’d been evading Papa’s pursuit so well up until now, too~”

“…You’re the only one who thinks that, sis.”

“Wha!? What does that
mean?”

“Don’t take Dad’s information network lightly. After
you ran away from home, he found out where you were immediately. He knew your
whereabouts up until you were around Retasan at least.”

“It can’t be…Then…”

“Dad respected your wishes in his own way. Although naturally
he was supporting you secretly. You had some idea of it yourself, didn’t you
sis?”

“Not at all, I
had thought that–that there wasn’t any…”

I did have some memory of that. The closest thing I could
come up with was having met up again with Bruno by “accident” in
Rucolebeni. Thinking on it now, he had still had his ties to my father after
all.

“Well, you better prepare yourself for when we get
home. …Not that I think you’ll be scolded, but I think he’s certainly going to
cry first.”

“Ugh…Not looking forward to that.”

“You need to apologize properly to Mom too. She
doesn’t show it as much as Dad, but I know she was worried about you this whole
time too.”

“…Okay.”

When our conversation was over, Shaw ran off to the
stairs that were on the main deck.

Levianta, Asmodean, Lucifenia, Beelzenia, and Elphegort.

At some point I wanted to tell Shaw about the various
events I had encountered on my journey.

Because, while there were times when I was scared, that
didn’t change the fact that all of them had been valuable and incredible experiences.
