♣ Yukina ~On the HMS Victoricia, “Sleeping Quarters"~

The ship’s hold under the main deck was being used as sleeping
quarters. While I was on my way to the gun deck to observe Marlon’s newly made
artillery while I had the chance, I ran into Gumillia.

“Are you feeling better now?” I asked. Gumillia
made a quick, deep nod.

“I am not, pushing myself. Right now I am, a little
tired.”

Gumillia had two hand mirrors clutched in her hands. One
was the one that Gumillia had had from the outset, and the other was the one
Kyle had owned.

“What are you going to do with that mirror?”

“For now, I will keep an eye on it. I have only done
simple sealing of it, but I don’t think there’ll be any problems. The demon
dwelling inside, itself, is no longer there.”

“You’ve vanquished the demon?”

“No–I said so before, but you cannot destroy a
demon. I only blew it away somewhere else.”

“Where did you send it to?”

“To a world of a different, dimension from ours, or
else…to the far off future, perhaps. I don’t know, where it went.”

“Then is there a chance it might come back?”

“It might. But I think we are safe for now.”

I looked towards the hand mirrors she was holding. From
the decoration to their size, the two of them were entirely identical.

“They look a lot alike, don’t they? Is one of them a
fake and the other the original?”

“Both of them are genuine. I think, perhaps
originally there was one. There might still be, other similar ones
around.”

“I read in a book that there were seven vessels of
deadly sin. So does that mean that there are seven mirrors in all?”

“No, the vessels of deadly sin each have different
forms, for different vessels. Like I said, the ‘mirror’ vessel of deadly sin,
was originally one, and was divided up by someone.”

“Who in the world would have done something like
that…?”

“I suspect it is, the one who gave it to King
Marlon.”

“You mean the Empress Dowager Prim? …Why would she…?”

“Don’t know. We can only ask the lady herself,
directly…I imagine that Ney, will also be nearby.”

At that moment, someone screamed inside the guest room.

“She’s escaped! After her! Don’t let her off the
boat!”

Immediately afterwards, the guest room’s wooden door was
violently flung open. A swordswoman dashed out from there–Germaine. She cut to
the left of me and Gumillia, and sprinted for the staircase leading to the main
deck.

Several men in black suits chased after Germaine. They
were the retainers Shaw had brought along.

“Please wait! Lady Germaine!”

“Nooooo! I’m
not riding in any boat!”

Germaine tried to climb the stairs, but right before she
made it to the main deck, she collided with something and went tumbling down
the steps.

“…Ow. What’s with you? Get out of the way!”

The one standing in Germaine’s way was an enormous man from
Shaw’s entourage. As one might expect, it wouldn’t be a simple matter for
Germaine to push aside a giant man who was over two meters tall. Shaw leisurely
walked out of the guest room after her.

“Ms. Germaine. My father told me to make sure I took
you with me along with Ms. Gumillia. Please come with us quietly.”

“No way! A boat’s just–a boat’s–…A bundle of wood
and iron like this can’t possibly cross the sea!”

“What time period are you from? This boat is a
Marlon warship. To think that it might sink in the first place…”

“It doesn’t matter, I hate booooats!”

Somehow the men in black suits managed to tie Germaine up
as she was carrying on, and brought her back to the guest room.

“…Looks like this is the first time Miss Germaine’s
ever ridden on a boat,” I said in surprise, Gumillia smiling a little bit.

“You’ve been to Marlon
once before, so you’ve ridden in a boat, haven’t you?”

“…To be clear, before now, I’ve gone to the country
of Marlon twice. With this it’s three times.”

The first time was when she’d visited my home five years
ago. And after that apparently she’d gone to Marlon one other time. I imagine
that time must have been with Elluka.

“Is that so? What did you go there for?”

“Looking for something. But it was there that I was
separated from Elluka.”

“What in the world was in Marlon?”

“…Abyss I.R. Her…”

Gumillia looked more grim than I’d ever seen her. And
then on that note, she fell into silence.

It seemed that hundreds of guns had been loaded onto the
HMS Victoricia. And I’d been boastfully told by a gunner that all of them were
cutting edge cannons.

I had little interest in weapons, but even so I could
feel a little bit of the dramatic nature inherent to the words “cutting
edge”. When I started taking notes in my notebook while gazing over the
brand new artillery, I could hear shouting from the direction of the main deck.

When I passed by the guest room where Germaine was bound
hand and foot with rope and headed up there, I found someone there that I
hadn’t seen in a while.
