At the end of last month, former Pere Noel members Gatt Coulomb and Julia Abelard had been arrested in Elphegort, where they had originally fled to.

Gatt had obediently cooperated with their inquiries, but it seemed that Julia had already undergone some abnormality of the mind.

She had claimed to be the “Hero of the Revolution”, and continued at length about a great deal of other things that they couldn’t understand—upon receiving news of that, Ayn and Willus had headed for the World Police’s Elphegort division where the suspects were being held.

When Ayn and Willus met with Julia, she had already started to experience an abnormality of the body as well.

Her face was lined with wrinkles and her brown hair had gone completely white; there was no longer a trace of the president’s once refined and beautiful appearance.

When Ayn asked her name, she said, “I’m…Germaine Avadonia…”

“No, you’re—“

Willus stopped Ayn before he could say much further, and then instead started questioning her. “I see, Miss Germaine. But right now it’s 611 E.C. A century has passed since the era when you were active. What have you been doing all this time? And where have you been?”

“…I don’t know. After I fought with a sorceress at the Lucifenia coast, I started to be gradually overcome with the feeling that I was losing myself. It got a lot stronger around the time I was fighting with ‘Neo Apocalypse’ in Levianta, and then…Next thing I knew, I was just lying in some cave. And then I was arrested by your colleagues when they showed up.”
“…”

“Right…Over a hundred years have passed since then, hm? …Perhaps my mind and body were hijacked by that sorceress—“

.

After leaving the interrogation room, Ayn murmured to Willus, “She’s gone completely insane.”

But Willus replied, head tilted slightly to the side, “I’m not sure, I’m not sure. Perhaps by some chance she’s telling the truth.”

“What are you saying—“

“There’s a Freezis Fairytale that goes like this: the protagonist is a hunter, and one day he finds a robin caught in a trap in the forest. But this robin is so beautiful that he saves it, and lets it out of the trap. In thanks, the robin leads the hunter to a paradise in the forest. After enjoying a banquet there, the hunter leaves the forest and tries to return home. However…

“…”

Ayn silently listened to Willus talk.
“—The world had entirely transformed from the one the hunter knew. Several centuries had passed in the outside world while he was in the forest paradise. Despairing at the world that had completely changed, an even greater change occurred in the hunter. The flow of several centuries of time all started to assail him at once. He rapidly grew older, and then died.”

“…What an irrational fairytale.”

“It was the robin’s revenge. Against the hunter, who had once murdered its parents.”

“Is that right? That doesn’t change the fact that it’s an unbelievable story…You can’t really be saying that something similar has happened to Julia?”

“I’m bearing in mind the fact that bizarre things can happen in this world. And she really is aging at a rapid rate. In the doctor’s opinion, if her aging keeps progressing like this she’ll only have two months to live—apparently.”

On hearing that, Ayn looked down, scratching his head. “Whatever the case, that’s not enough time to charge her for her crimes.”

“The criminal organization Pere Noel has been destroyed–Maybe that’s enough for now. Whether what she says is the truth or not, we should go along with it. …It’s the least we can do for the woman who was once Lucifenia’s president.”

.
Later, she’d expressed the wish that she would like to be moved to Lucifenia.

She was given permission from documents with Ayn and Willus’ signature on it.

.

They found several other peculiar articles in the tunnel that Julia was hiding in.

All of them were taken into the World Police’s custody.
