✥ Kyle Marlon ~The Country of
Marlon “Marlon Castle/Left Chapel”~

Two weeks passed after that.

Up until yesterday it had continued to rain, but today the
weather was refreshingly pleasant.

After the grand funeral for the Empress Dowager Prim was conducted
for the nation, the country of Marlon once more issued a "Witch Hunt
Order”. It was to search for the criminal who had killed Prim.

They wouldn’t find her. That criminal was now lying in
the grave before me.

Ney had been warmly laid to rest here in Left Chapel as a
Marlon general.

My mother’s grave was here as well. Naturally it was much
bigger and more splendid than Ney’s.

It would be a lie to say that I wasn’t sad. But even more
than that I couldn’t help feeling simply empty.

Thinking on it, it felt like most of my life had been covered
in nothingness. I had hardly ever felt any purpose for myself in my position as
king, only a sense of obligation. How ironic that the sole time I had ever been
satisfied with it had been when I was possessed by a demon.

At my mother’s death, I was finding increasingly less
meaning in my being king.

“I’m worthless…” I murmured without thinking.

As the demon had whispered to me, I was a worthless man.

“That’s not something for the king of a country to
say.”

The one who said that as he was approaching me was
Arkatoir. He was now my sole relative, my younger half-brother.

“Don’t show yourself as such a weak king in front of
your citizens, at least,” he chided me.

“Arkatoir. I don’t know what’s right anymore. I
don’t know what’s ‘just’ or 'evil’–”

“Do you really need to?”

My whining cut off at his words.

“It’s not like everything that you do is with a
definite basis for doing so. I think that’s how it is with anyone.”

“…Ha ha, yeah. Yeah, I guess so.”

There were still some things I needed to do as king.

For now I need to
uphold my promise to Germaine.

Withdrawal from Lucifenia–as well as I could I would
restore to normal the world map that had been thrown into disorder from the
Marlon royal family’s selfishness.

I couldn’t clearly tell what was right. And I couldn’t
designate a basis for my actions.

Even so, I had no choice but to press on.

“–Your Majesty! King Kyle!” screamed a small
intruder who had suddenly appeared in the Left Chapel upon finding me, clearly
out of breath.

It was Yukina’s younger brother, the oldest boy of the
Freezis family.

“Shaw? When having an audience with me you must go
through a messenger–”

“I’m sorry. It’s an urgent matter, so I shook off
the soldiers and came here.”

An urgent matter–

“It can’t be–has Keel’s condition worsened!?”

“No. He still hasn’t regained consciousness but for
now he’s stable.”

“I see…”

But the fact that he hadn’t regained consciousness even
after two weeks had passed was in itself troubling.

We still hadn’t captured the culprit of that incident.
According to the soldiers’ testimony, it was a “woman” wearing a
strange mask. They had been conducting the search focusing on the remnants of
the Special Maneuvers Task Force, but they still hadn’t found any valid clues
yet.

I put a hand on Shaw’s shoulder.

“Shaw. If anything unexpected happens to Keel, then
you will succeed him. This must be a heavy burden for a child such as you, but
if you go to your mother for help–”

“My mother’s been missing.”

I lifted my hand from his shoulder in surprise.

“…Since when?”

“Since two weeks ago. My mother has a wanderlust,
like my big sister, so occasionally she’ll abscond without warning. She always
comes back after a few days like nothing had happened, so I thought it would be
the same this time, but…”

If she had been gone for two weeks, and if she was missing
while leaving Keel gravely injured, then it couldn’t be just that.

Shaw continued to speak.

“–Yesterday, my sister went missing as well.”

“Yukina too!?”

“Yes. And she left a farewell letter addressed to
you.”

I took the letter from Shaw.

To Mister Kyle,

By the time you read this letter, I
will have already left from Marlon.

In truth, there is something that I
have not told you.

It is about that day that my father
was attacked and Miss Ney was killed. Right before I passed out, in the last
vestiges of my consciousness I saw something.

The mask on the
person who had calmly come into the room engulfed in that blue flash–it was an
Almoga Mobarez mask. Yes, like the ones
that Miss Germaine and Miss Gumillia had been wearing when we went to the
ex-Lucifenian palace.

Miss Gumillia’s mask was damaged
when you attacked during your demonic transformation, Mister Kyle. Germaine’s
was still left, but my father bought that from her and I put it in my home’s
storehouse.

When I returned home, that mask was
gone.

And, at the same time, my mother had
vanished.

According to the servants, she had unexpectedly
gone out somewhere a little after we headed for Lioness.

…You can see where I’m going with
this, right?

Using the information network that
the Freezis family possesses, I tracked down where my mother is. And yesterday,
I received word that she was spotted at a certain place.

I worried all night over whether or
not I should consult about it with everyone. But all your wounds from the
battle haven’t yet fully healed. Furthermore I think this is a Freezis family
matter. And since my father has yet to awaken, I am the eldest member of the
family–so I have to solve it myself.

You will likely be angry with me,
Mister Kyle. And my father will surely be even angrier, when he wakes up. But
please forgive me. My mother would surely not cause harm to me, her own
daughter.

…If anything
happens to me, please take good care of my father, brother, and sister.

Yukina Freezis

The sky that had been so blue before had at some point
been covered in thick clouds.

And with a clap of thunder–it once more started to rain.
