The great courtroom wasn’t the only place in the Dark Star Courthouse where trials were held.

There was also a small courtroom that was used when dealing with less important cases.

That day, the trial that Gallerian was serving as head judge for was being held in that small courtroom.

Apparently, it was quite irregular for the director to be serving as head judge in a small courtroom trial.

There was one head judge, one defense attorney, one prosecutor, one defendant, one security guard, and no aides.

It wasn’t a private hearing, but nonetheless there was no one in the visitor’s gallery.

That was because the trial was of no interest to the world at large.

The defense attorney was beginning to yawn, the prosecutor was beginning to polish their nails, and the female defendant was sitting with a sulky posture in her chair.

.

“Well then, I shall announce my verdict…The defendant is sentenced to six months penal servitude. The defendant…Erm, nickname ‘Waiter’, worked at the restaurant ‘Graveyard’ that was operating without a business license, and served dubious meals to its customers. This fact is verified by myself, Gallerian Marlon, having actually gone to eat at ‘Graveyard’, as well as the screenwriter Lady Kayo Sudou, and several other ‘Police Neutrality’ officers. While there was no poison in the meals we were provided, I must say that operating a busines without a license from the USE coupled with years of tax evasion is quite loathsome. However, the defendant has claimed to have no involvement with the restaurant’s administration, and as both the proprietor thought to be the mastermind and the chef are still at large, we have insufficient evidence to refute the defendant’s claim. For that reason, I feel the primary sentencing is appropriate.”

After his short verdict explanation was over, Gallerian turned to the girl in the defendant’s chair.
“Does the defendant have any last words to say?”

“Pay up!” the girl suddenly screamed. “You took advantange of the confusion to dine and dash you son of a—”

“…I guess not. Alright, then court is adjourned. –In addition, all of the utensils and ingredients in the restaurant will be confiscated as evidence and stored in the Dark Star Bureau until the owner is captured. That is all.”

Gallerian swiftly left the small courtroom, ignoring the girl as she continued to rant and rave.
