I decided to wait for Gammon in front of the temple of LeviaBehemo.

The inside of Alicegrad castle was filled with agonized cries, having been invaded by the revolutionary forces, but that was of little consequence to me.

–In hardly any time at all, Gammon broke through the “First Wall” to the courtyard where I stood, dragging along poor Miroku’s body.

“Well done, Chief Gammon.”

I clapped for him, in praise.

“Long time no see…Seth Twiright.”

“Is that your father you’ve got in your hands?”
“My father? Hmph.”

Gammon threw Miroku forward.

–He was extremely weak, but seemed to still be breathing.

“This isn’t my father, nor is it the senate head for this country…He’s just a simple, drug-addled madman.”

“What an awful thing to say about your own flesh and blood.”

“…You talk about it like it’s someone else’s business.” Gammon glowered at me. “When it was your doing that he turned out like this.”

“Gracious me, whatever could you mean?”

“Don’t try to bullshit me. I’ve already done my research.”

Ah, so he’s been working pretty hard at this.

“Don’t try any funny business.”

Gammon was slowly approaching me, a gun in his hands.

“Of course…Quite a lot of your subordinates are on the other side of that wall, after all.” I held up my hands in surrender. “But—since you’re here, I want you to tell me the results of your investigation. I’d like to properly correct you of any points where you’re mistaken.”

“…At the very least, you became my father’s steward over twenty years ago.”
“That’s true. At the time I was still an adorable, handsome youth.”

“Collaborating with my father, you developed a drug to brainwash the queen…Or at least, that’s what my father thought.”

“Oh ho. And so?”

“But the truth was a little different. The person you brainwashed with the drug wasn’t the queen—”

There, Gammon glanced over at Miroku, still laying on the ground.

Then he once more returned his gaze to me.

“–It was my father Miroku himself. And then you manipulated him to rule the country behind the scenes.”

“What a fascinating story. But…then what about the queen? Did she just allow this to happen without saying a word?”

“…Either the queen was already dead, or you had her killed. My father used the ‘Inheritor of Rahab’ power that my family possesses to fabricate the queen’s prophecies all these years.”

“Did your father, sprawled out over there, testify to that?”

“No…Even now my father is convinced that the queen is alive. Thanks to the ‘Venom’ you had him drink. So this is…little more than my own theory.”

Now standing right in front of me, Gammon thrust the muzzle of his gun before my eyes.

“—That’s why I came here to see for myself. Whether the queen was alive or not.”

“Oh yes, I think that’s quite sensible of you. Neither I nor Miroku could stand to be made out as villains based on a mere theory alone.”

“…I think I can say with some conviction that you’re ‘evil’ nonetheless. However—”
He raised the gun, and then struck me hard on the temple with the stock.

“Ow!”

I crumpled on the spot.

“—Right now my first priority is to check what’s inside there.”

So saying, Gammon entered the temple.

.

…Hahaha.

Well now, Gammon.

What you will see inside that temple—

And what will happen to you after you have come face to face with the “queen”—

Even I don’t know.

.

I stood, and headed for the edge of the courtyard.

I opened a trapdoor that had been obscured by dirt.

From here I could slip outside the castle without being found by anyone.

.

I entered the passageway, and right before I closed the door to its entrance–

I heard someone scream from inside the temple.
