Section 2 ——A Heartbeat in the Rain——

✥ Kyle Marlon ~The Country of
Marlon, “The Town of Lioness”~

Move north through the Column Forest from the capital
Bariti, and on the other side of two large towns to the northwest was the town
of Lioness. The town’s most notable features were probably the roses growing
everywhere in it and Castle Lioness, which towered over everything to the north.

For a long time Castle Lioness had been a stronghold of
the Lioness family, who had fought for dominance over the country against the
Marlon royal family. After the decline of said Lioness family about two hundred
years earlier it came into the ownership of the Marlon royals.

It was said that roses were the successive generations of
Duke Lioness’ most beloved flower, and that the Lioness family had by degrees created
flower gardens in their domain. The soldiers that served the Lioness family had
continued to fight to protect those beautifully blooming roses, terribly
ashamed of ever allowing them to be trampled underfoot by the enemy.

Farther north from there was Marlon’s northern area, the
Bloodpool region.

The four thousand and two hundred Marlon soldiers that
had gathered in the town of Lioness were each making their own preparations for
the march north.

I went over the plan of attack from then on in my head.

Among the soldiers divided into five armies, the second,
third, and fourth armies (about three thousand and five hundred soldiers in
total) would all converge with the garrison in Marlon’s northern region, take
stock of the situation, and then take on both the suppression of the undead
soldiers and the protection of the major cities in the area.

The fifth army (about three hundred soldiers) would
safeguard Lioness’ stronghold, and the remaining first army (about four hundred
soldiers) would head straight west to the Bloodpool region, to head towards
where Empress Dowager Prim was thought to be–Castle Hedgehog.

Naturally, Germaine and I would be accompanying the first
army.

I had no idea what was going to happen after this.
Wanting to make sure I was completely prepared, this time I checked my weapons
and hand luggage.

A symbol was inscribed on my broadsword. Gumillia had
written it, and the same one was inscribed on the other soldiers’ weapons. It
was apparently just a small consolation, as Gumillia and Elluka were unable to
directly use magic, but nonetheless it was reassuring for fighting against
monsters.

I took a certain item out of my bag. It wasn’t actually
mine, but rather an item that I had received from a friend as a "proxy
message for her”.

I didn’t know when I’d use it. But seeing as I’d made a
promise back then, I couldn’t just refuse.

I ended up tying a cord to it and let it hang from my
scabbard.

Ashen clouds covered the sky. It looked like it might
rain.

Swords were being given out to the soldiers in the
square. We were in a hurry, so some of the junior soldiers were getting their
provisions on-site, not all of the inscriptions having been done on time. For
that reason Elluka and Gumillia came to the town of Lioness with the troops.
After this they would end up on standby in town with the fifth army.

“Though I’d like you to let us get out of here ahead
of time if this town ends up being a warzone,” Elluka said to me, watching
the supplies being passed out. “Since we can’t use any magic we’re just
poor, weak women.”

Even just that was enough. Even if Elluka was just going
to hang back on the sidelines, as she was a former member of Lucifenia’s Three
Heroes it would reassure the soldiers quite a bit.

“Oh, what’s that?”

Elluka showed some interest, noticing the item affixed to
the hilt of my sword. When I took it out and explained, she hmm-ed thoughtfully and picked it up,
inscribing a symbol with her knife. It was a little bit different than the one
Gumillia had inscribed on the soldiers’ weapons.

“This should do nicely.”

Elluka handed it back to me.

“What did you do?”

“Just a good luck charm. Well, you’ll know when you
actually use it.”

The sword provisions were being carried about by Keel’s
black uniformed protégés. Their master stood behind them. Incidentally, I had
no recollection of asking him to do that. They had all done it on their own.

“This area is so abundant in natural beauty, and the
air is sooo clear. I can see why it ended up being a resort of the royal family.”
Keel said cheerfully, holding his arms wide and taking in a deep breath. “Ah,
since we’re not going to be going with you after this, I hope you’ll let us
relax here for a while.”

Naturally. It would actually be a problem to me if they
came along.

The reason why Keel had come this far was obvious.

There was a girl that was working her hardest at helping
with the supplies alongside the men in black uniforms–Yukina.

In the end she’d come all the way out here to the edge of
the non-combat zone.

Accompanied by her protectors, to put it simply.

“Well, good luck to you,” Keel said to me in
encouragement as though it was someone else’s problem, watching Yukina in front
of him.

“I’ll do what I can.”

“Do you still have the invitation I sent you? When
everything’s over let’s really have a proper dinner banquet–though I suppose
calling it a celebration would be more appropriate. Well, let’s have a party
anyhow.”

“…We should. I trust you’ll make it magnificent,
commander.”

Keel suddenly leaned in and whispered,“ –I had a
talk with Germaine. I’ll do my best to help you with withdrawing from
Lucifenia.”

“–You’re sure?”

“–Aren’t we friends?”

After saying that, Keel headed over to Yukina, and–ignoring
her glare of embarrassment–started to help with handing out the weapons.

The supplying finished up just before twilight. It was
decided that we would rest and catch our breath here in town, and then tomorrow
morning march north.

Generally we were going to limit all of our actions on-site
to be during the day. Elluka had advised me that the dead soldiers’ power would
increase after the sun went down.

That night, a certain unit that belonged to the first
army gathered in the garden before Castle Lioness.

They had experience fighting alongside me during the
Lucifenian Revolution, and it was a unit assembled of people that I trusted the
most out of the whole Marlon army. I had gathered them for the purpose of
introducing them to person who would be serving as leader in my stead during
the next march.

“This is Germaine Avadonia. I…can’t imagine there is
anyone here who does not know her.”

At my words, Germaine took a step forward. The soldiers’
line of site converged on her.

“I’m sure there might be some soldiers who are dissatisfied
with a newcomer becoming commander so suddenly…but nice to be on board.”

There were no soldiers who voiced any complaints. A young
man from the line spoke up.

“Don’t worry about it! We have a bond from the
Lucifenian Revolution don’t we? We’ll show you how we wield our blades under
the name of the ‘Red Armored Swordswoman’!”

A great cheer rose up from the unit.

After that, a large party began. It seemed someone had
brought liquor.

“Don’t go drinking too much!” I called out to no
one in particular, and then left the garden to enter the castle.

The next morning we headed out of the town of Lioness as
planned.

Right after entering the Bloodpool region the army split
up, and each proceeded off to do their respective tasks.

It started to rain on the way there, but the first army
walked west alright without being accosted by any dead soldiers. After heading
along while gazing at several small lakes on the right hand side, finally the coast
came into view. From there we headed north, and after a short while we came to
an area on the riverside.

Standing there was Castle Hedgehog.
