✥ Kyle Marlon ~The Country of
Marlon, “The Castle of Hedgehog/Front Gate”~

Castle Hedgehog had once been the residence of Lord
Hedgehog, who had served under the Lioness family.

Compared to Castle Marlon its grounds were extremely confined.
I didn’t know if it was compensating for that or not, but its most distinctive
characteristic was a tall, tower-like construction in its central portion.

At the very top of the tower was an enormous clock face,
and the sound of its hands ticking was extremely loud. It reached all of us who
were standing there at the gate then. It had the nickname of "Heartbeat
Clocktower”. It was a building that was well known for the eccentricities
of its master, Lord Hedgehog.

It was nothing but a rumor, but it was said that Lord Hedgehog
was a pervert who loved torture.

After his death the castle was neglected for many years,
but it had recently been taken over by the royal family. Due to the
anecdotes regarding Lord Hedgehog and the ear-splitting handbeats of its
clocktower, there were few people in the royal family who actually used it.
Outside of my mother, Empress Dowager Prim.

The rain had grown intense, and I was starting to hear thunder
in the distance.

Perhaps out of good luck, up until this point we had
advanced without encountering hardly any dead soldiers. But we couldn’t be
caught unprepared. About half of the army’s soldiers arranged themselves to
encircle the castle, readying themselves for any sudden attack by the enemy.
The first army’s ostensible goal was for all intents and purposes Prim Marlon’s
protection. Their first priority was
making sure no enemies entered the castle.

It was quiet.

There wasn’t any sign of anyone inside. If my mother was
really in there in the first place, there should have been guards posted at the
front gate.

It was possible that she’d already escaped somewhere
else.

But in that case, where?

At any rate we wouldn’t get anywhere without heading
inside. First the vanguard went into the castle. I waited for their report from
outside the gate.

“…”

I only heard the sound of the vanguard calling for the
Empress Dowager inside the castle.

Then finally…

“What–what the hell are these!?”

The voices from inside the castle turned to bellows and
screams, and at the same time I heard the metallic sound of swords clashing
with something.

“–Dead
soldiers have come out!”

The moment I heard that shout, I gave out the command,
“Attack unit, charge!”

All of the units barring the protective force surrounding
the castle surged inside.
