<<Reflections of Marlon Empress Dowager Prim Marlon>>

You know that I am from the high-ranking Lucifenian Rogzé
family, don’t you? Having such an ancient and honorable pedigree had been my
pride since I was young.
Everyone around me praised me extravagantly, and there was nothing I desired
that I couldn’t have. I
spent my girlhood convinced that I was a chosen person.

Though thinking on it now, all that was merely a
misunderstanding on my part. Lucifenia at the time was nothing more than one
small country in the Bolganio continent–even the nobles of such a country
didn’t amount to much. I hadn’t understood that, knowing nothing of the world.

I had a best friend since I was a child. Her name was
Anne Swee. She was also the daughter of a noble family at the time, but because
the Swee family was of much lower breeding compared to the Rogzés, Anne was
more like a maid to my family. We were of the same age, and so the two of us
got along well, and quickly became friends. And that relationship
continued until we became adults.

Anne had better school grades than me, and was more
skilled in music and singing. But I didn’t pay that any mind. Because I was a
woman of higher status than she was. No matter how she excelled, she would
never stand above me–or at least, that’s what I’d thought.

Around the time we grew to be of marriageable age, a
certain man became the talk of Lucifenia. The valiant prince, Arth Lucifen
d’Autriche. Overcoming the opposition of his father, the king, he had begun to
expand our territory by declaring war on our surrounding countries, one by one.
All the men praised and admired him. And all the women longed to become his
wife.

But I was the one who was going to become Arth’s wife.
That’s what I decided. I had thought I would marry him because he and I had
both had social connections as children, his face was fairly handsome despite
being a childish man, he was the owner of blond hair so beautiful that all the
women who saw it were charmed, and because I was certain he liked me too.

But there, the unthinkable happened. Anne seduced Arth
through some unfair tactics, and settled herself into place as his wife.
Impossible. Arth couldn’t possibly lose his heart to a girl so inferior to
myself. I still wonder what means she used. At any rate, from then on my and
Anne’s social positions completely reversed. Around then Arth had already
succeeded his father on the throne, so Anne had regrettably obtained the
position of queen.

Even so, I blessed the two of them. Anne was my best
friend. Her happiness was my happiness. And that fact wouldn’t change even
after that—that’s how I expected it to be, anyway.

But after a little while passed, Anne and Arth started to
keep their distance from me. I didn’t know the cause. And I hadn’t been given
an explanation as to why. So, one day I pressed Anne for an answer. “Why have
you been ignoring me?”

She
said, “Someone has poisoned King Arth”. And, “This isn’t a happy matter, but
the culprit is certainly someone close to us”. And she glared at me with eyes
as cold as ice.

She
had to be joking. What an awful accusation. Like I was the kind of person who
would try to kill someone for having given me the cold shoulder! Though I suppose
the Rogzés are extremely well versed
in pharmaceuticals, so if someone were to have obtained the new type of drug
called “Gift”, which they said had poisoned Arth, it would have been someone from my family
line. Come to think of it I guess I might have put something in his wineglass
the last time I saw him. But I’m sure I hadn’t left any evidence behind, and
I’d already forgotten about something so long ago in the first place. That
wasn’t the point. The important thing was that Anne was suspecting me. Even
though we were best friends!

Anne had said, “It’s not that I suspect you”. She spoke
lies! I knew that on that day, she had arbitrarily decided I was the culprit.
And then she said, “We can’t let anyone even slightly suspicious near His
Majesty—”

Suspicious!?

Call me
suspicious!?

Calling me, her best friend, someone of such noble birth,
a suspicious woman of all things! Oh,
what a vulgar woman she was! She must have realized that Arth had some
lingering affection towards me, and so was trying to keep the two of us apart.
She must have thought it was fine to defy her position in life, despite being
of such lower noble birth.

So, right then I decided I would teach Anne a lesson.
That no matter what unfair means she used, she would never be able to win
against me.

I left Lucifenia, crossed the sea, and arrived here in
Marlon. That was in order to marry the previous king of Marlon, your father. At
that time he was terribly wasting away at his wife’s passing, so I offered him
some comfort. I’m sure that my devoted affection got through to his heart. I answered
his proposal, and became his second wife. Shortly thereafter, Kyle, you were
born.

There were a few children that he’d had with his previous
wife. And several children that he’d had with his mistresses. But there’s
hardly any of them left nowadays. I wonder why in the world that is?

Huh, you think I killed them? Oh no Kyle, are you looking
at your own mother with such accusing
eyes? You’re being such an awful boy…Well, I suppose it makes no difference
now.

Your father didn’t have any talents aside from
womanizing. He was a king utterly hopeless at protecting the territory he had inherited from his ancestors.
I couldn’t hope for anything with him.
So I put my hopes on you, Kyle. I believed that surely you, since you were of
my blood, would make Marlon a greater kingdom than it has been. Naturally, it is
a mother’s duty to erase anything that would get in the way of that.

Since my younger brother Presi worked in the Kingdom of
Lucifenia, I would get updates on all of the current events happening there
without fail. At that point my old acquaintaince, the “Witch of
Beelzenia” Elluka Clockworker, had defected to Lucifenia and the country was
expected to grow more and more. To the point where it would surpass Marlon…You
see?

I couldn’t wait for you to grow up. With things the way
they were I’d lose to Anne—With that in mind, I began to search for a sorceress
who held enough power to rival that of Elluka. At the same time, I proceeded to
engage in my own particular research using the magical knowledge I had been
taught by Elluka as a foundation. The power of the unknown was an incredible
thing. Pretty soon I was captivated by it.

But there were limits to just sticking to the knowledge I
could gain from old books, after all. I still needed someone who was able to
properly use magic.

At that time, I discovered Abyss I.R. here in the
Bloodpool region. She told me that she was a descendant of the sorcerer who had worked for the original owner of
this castle, Lord Hedgehog, and that she had inherited his powers.

Of course, I didn’t believe her immediately. And it was
there that Abyss declared she would demonstrate her power, and presented to me
a single blade. That was the “Venom Sword”. I believe you also saw it at the
Freezis estate in Elphegort. Doesn’t
Elluka’s apprentice have it now?

Abyss told me that the sword was a “charm that makes love
blossom”. So, taking along the sword, I returned home to Lucifenia for the
first time in years.

Anne and Arth’s relationship had become just a little bit
strained. It seemed that was because even though a lot of time had passed since
their marriage, Anne had never been blessed with children. I knew this was
because she was nothing but a cowardly wretch. God is always fair.

I drew close to Arth. Thanks to the “charm that
makes love blossom”, he became up-front with his feelings. Before long we
came to love one another. Of course, it was kept a secret from Anne.

After a stay of several months, I returned home to
Marlon. Immediately after, I learned that I was pregnant.

Without a doubt, this was mine and Arth’s child.

I was ecstatic. “I did it, I’ve beaten Anne!”. I had
obtained earlier than Anne what she had not been able to.

As the baby in my stomach was the proof of mine and
Arth’s love, I naturally told no one else, not even him. Because there was no
way I could disguise my belly getting bigger, I chose to insist it was my child
with the king of Marlon.

One day during that period, Abyss visited my castle. She
offered me her aid towards my ambitions–to make Marlon prosper. Abyss’ power
had already been proven by what happened with Arth. Her proposal fit nicely into what I desired. With her, my
country–I–would be able to obtain
powerful magical might….That’s what I thought.

In return for lending me power, Abyss presented to me several
conditions. First was cooperating in helping her collect the “Vessels of
Deadly Sin”, items that held the same kind of strange magic as the
“Venom Sword”. And the other one was to offer her a single baby that
she could use as a test subject for her magical research.

The first condition was a simple one. The country of
Marlon had within it a man named Duke Sfarz, who owned an extensive information
network. I figured it would be a cinch to quickly find such items if I used him.

With regard to the baby of the
second condition, I happened to have someone perfect in mind. King Marlon had
gotten another mistress set up elsewhere, apparently not having learned his
lesson. I had heard that she’d just given birth to a boy named Arkatoir, so I
saw an opportunity to give that child to Abyss…That was the plan, anyway.

I was in the last month of my
pregnancy by then, so I ended up deciding to fulfill my obligations after
things had settled down following my birthing.

After that—you were around 5 years old—I delivered a
girl. But there, I faced the unthinkable again.

The issue was, the fuzz growing from my newly born baby’s
head was just like her father, Arth’s—blonde. I had black hair, and the Marlon
king had the same blue hair as you. I shouldn’t have been giving birth to any
yellow haired children. It wasn’t a problem then, but someday when she grew up
it would become obvious that she was an illegitimate child–I was a bit put out
by that, but I quickly hit upon a brilliant idea.

–I changed my plans so that the
baby I would offer to Abyss was her.

I already had you, Kyle, and as I’d made certain my
victory merely by growing pregnant, I had no great interest in the child that
I’d given birth to in the first place. Although I had considered perhaps using her to further ruin Anne and Arth’s
relationship someday.

I had no need to keep her by my side if it meant risking
my own position. Making it out to be a stillbirth, I handed the newborn baby to
Abyss. Abyss named that child Ney. Three years after that, children had been
born between Anne and Arth. A lovely pair of twins, a boy and a girl. I heard
that because of that, their cooled affections had returned to what they once
were.

My bad luck continued. Once, when Anne was visiting the
country of Marlon, she
made a suggestion to me. That we have you be engaged to be married to Riliane,
one of her twins, in the future.

It seems as though Arth was originally the one to think
up your betrothal. Anne seemed a bit troubled on whether she approved or not,
but on the other hand she had apparently regretted her suspicions of me, and so
was inclined to let the discussion progress under the idea that we could go
back to being friends through this engagement between our two children.

What a joke! Just the thought of marrying off my beloved
Kyle to a child of Anne’s was repulsive! But the king of Marlon and his chief
vassal were simply taken with the idea, so I couldn’t protest outwardly.

I hated Arth for scheming something like that. I had
secrets with him that I couldn’t make public.

–Soon I would kill Arth and his children. That’s what I decided.

When I first started to consider it, I suddenly enjoyed
the thought so much that I couldn’t stop myself. I wondered, what sort of
expression would Anne wear when she had lost everyone she loved? My heart
swelled at such fantasies.

Meanwhile, my gathering of the vessels of deadly sin was
coming along very well, and I had already finished collecting the glass, spoon,
and mirror. Abyss already had the sword, and so including the doll that meant
she had five of them.

Abyss applied some further processing on the mirror, and
what had once been one was split up into four. I don’t know the precise reason
why, but she told me that it was more convenient that way. She informed me that
with the doll as well, it had only become a doll after she’d improved on its
original form.

I dispatched Abyss to murder Arth and the twins. It would
be no small feat to off three people of the royal family. But she replied that
she could do it. I decided to leave the methodology up to her.

First, Abyss used the power of the “Glass of
Conchita” to make the Gula disease spread. In order to keep it from having
much of an impact on Marlon, she started by having it spring up in the
Beelzenian Empire, the furthest spot from here. At the time Arth was in the
middle of a campaign to capture Beelzenia, so he was infected with the disease
immediately. It was less effective than I would have thought, but eventually
Arth passed on.

Next, when the twins turned six she plotted their
assassination using the “four mirrors” and the ambitions of my younger
brother Presi. Apparently she’d been able to kill one of the twins, Alexiel,
but had failed on Riliane. And in that incident, Presi died too. That had been
unfortunate, but he had always been such a useless boy, so perhaps it was
inevitable.

My miscalculation had been that I was unable to read
Abyss’ true motives. She’d had no inclination to help me from the
beginning–she was merely using me for her own aspirations. What kind of
aspirations? I’m not sure, but she looked to have some animosity towards
Elluka. To make Elluka suffer–that was her aspiration. I didn’t know why. Why
don’t you ask her yourself? Ah, that’s right, she’s already dead isn’t she? Ho
ho ho…

From there Abyss began to go off course. She killed Anne
with the Gula disease. I cried all night long. My best friend was dead! Now
that she was dead and laid into the ground, I would never be able to cause her
misery!

…There was nothing to be done about her passing, though.
Having been left behind, what I needed to do then was to destroy the kingdom
that was her legacy, and to drive her memento of a daughter Riliane to die in
despair.

Even there, Abyss took her own liberties with the
situation. I was fine with her getting Riliane possessed by a demon. But I
could not possibly forgive her having you–my Kyle–possessed by the demon of
“Lust"…ordinarily, anyway.

But when you were possessed by the demon, you ended up
obediently following my wishes far more than you ever had up until then. You
broke your engagement with Riliane yourself. I was so incredibly overjoyed at
that….I’m sure you’ll understand the feeling if you too become a parent
someday.

Riliane died during the revolution, and Abyss recollected
the demon that was possessing you, as it served its purpose. However, I wanted
you to remain the submissive, adorable child that you were. But I didn’t want to
use the demon of "Lust” for that…I’d have a problem on my hands if
you went around having women here and there like your father, wouldn’t I? So
instead I had you possessed by the demon of “Pride”, as I had no
other use for it after it had left Riliane.

From there…It’s as you already know. Filled with self-confidence,
you flourished and steadily began to spread our territory for me!

But because of that mage and that swordswoman, the demon
of Pride left you. You went back to your original self—the Kyle that rebelled
against his own mother.

Therefore…Therefore, my Kyle,

Your mother will once more,

Have a demon possess you.
