✥ Kyle ~In “???”~

…Where am I…?

When I came to, I was inside a box.

Yes, a box. A pure black box.

I was inside an enormous, black box.

All by myself.

–No, I wasn’t. I wasn’t alone.

On the other side, far away, there were two people.

I ran towards them.

One was an adult, and one was a child. Both of them were female,
and they were walking hand in hand with their backs to me.

I spoke to the adult woman. When she turned around, I saw
she looked a lot like Germaine. She was wearing the same red dress that Ney had
when she’d done her demonic transformation, and in her right hand that she
wasn’t holding the girl’s with, she was carrying a parasol.

When I asked her who she was, she grinned and replied:

“I am the one you and your kind call the ‘Demon of
Gluttony’.”

I stared fixedly at the child. She was–Ney. She was as
she had been when I met her, when I was fourteen.

I inquired as to where the “Demon of Gluttony”
was taking Ney.

“This isn’t Ney. She is Gretel. The girl who was originally supposed to be born with the
name of 'Riliane’. A pitiful girl who took on a different form, led a different
life, thanks to a twisted fate.”

She wasn’t Ney but “Gretel”? She was supposed
to be “Riliane”?

I had no idea what that meant.

Ney grinned at me, but immediately after that she looked
dejected and apologetic.

“Sorry King Kyle–I mean, big brother. I’ve done so
many bad things, and caused trouble for everyone. So…I’ve gotta say goodbye to
you all.”

Ney hastily scrubbed the tears gathering in her eyes and
made a somewhat pained smile.

“But…I know I can be reborn again someday! If I’m
reborn, then at that time–I’d like to play with all of you. You, big brother,
Riliane, and Allen.”

That meant that to Ney, Riliane and Allen and I were her
siblings, despite me being of a different father and them being of a different
mother.

–We were all siblings, huh?–

The “Demon of Gluttony” laughed, looking at Ney
with a scornful gaze, “Foolish girl. You will never be reborn again. I will take in your soul, and you will
become an incarnation of myself. As a cornerstone that I may become 'Master of
the Graveyard’.”

Ney didn’t seem to hear the demon’s voice. She kept on
smiling at me.

I wasn’t going to hand Ney over to some demon! I tried to
strike. But my fist hit only an invisible wall before her.

“Cease such futile actions…We shall meet again
someday, 'Soul of Adam’ of this
era…”

The demon was steadily getting farther away, taking Ney
with her. When she did, an ocean suddenly appeared where they were headed.

There couldn’t be an ocean inside a box such as this. But
there was most definitely an ocean there, and the two of them were entering it.

“See ya, bye-bye.”

Ney turned around and waved to me once, one last time,
before disappearing inside the ocean.

Everything the demon had said was difficult to
understand.

But what I could tell with certainty was that now, Ney
was–

Ney was going to die.

Wait, Ney.

Don’t go.

Don’t–

Don’t leave me all alone–
