✥ Kyle Marlon ~Once More,
“The Town of Lioness”~

It was there that I opened my eyes.

The "Demon of Gluttony” was holding me in her
arms, shaking me.

“Are you alright!? Are you alive!?”

“Ugh…Agh, you damned demon…”

“What an awful remark. It’s me, Germaine.”

When I looked more closely I could tell that she was not
wearing a dress, but rather red armor.

While I shook my head to wake myself up, I asked her,
“Is everyone else alright…?”

“Master Gumillia, Elluka, and Yukina are all
alright. They lost consciousness from that flash, but there doesn’t seem to be
anything else amiss with them now. Everyone’s getting some treatment in the
next room to be safe. But…”

And at that, she clammed up.

“What is it? Just tell it to me straight.”

“…There’s several bits of bad news. First is that
Keel’s gravely injured. It seems his head was struck with a blunt instrument. Although
apparently it’s not life-threatening, if the doctor’s opinion is to be believed…”

“…What else?”

“All of the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’ were stolen. By
the time I came to everything on top of the closet except the knife was
gone.”

So the intruder’s goal was the 'Vessels of Deadly Sin’.

Germaine continued with her report.

“Lastly…This is the worst of it, but–”

“…You don’t have to say any more.”

I didn’t need to hear it. The sight before me told me
everything.

Or rather–I was able to guess from when I was dreaming before.

The sheets on the bed were stained a deep red.

Perhaps it was a small favor that at Ney’s death her face
had not been filled with anguish, but rather an expression of sleeping
peacefully.
