I’ve been in these scissors for a long time now.

.

Maybe talking that way isn’t quite accurate.

Perhaps it would be more correct not to say that I’m “inside” them, but rather “I’ve become the scissors themselves”.

­Regardless, at some point in my past I had been reduced to a being that could merely continue to watch the world as two scissors—or from inside the scissors.

That’s right, two of them.

Small Eastern scissors, and long and narrow Western scissors.

Both of them were made with steel, and were connected to each other by a cord. Those were the components that made up what I was now.

There is only one of me, but there are two scissors.

You may think that is strange, but there’s really no other way that it could have been.

Because my scissors are two in one.

I am the Eastern scissors, and I am the Western scissors.

Or rather, I am inside the both of them.

The blade sections are faintly stained red. That woman who had been the scissors’ owner—Kayo—would carefully take care of them every day, but that staining red color never came out.

It isn’t from anything like rust.

I know the reason why these blades have turned red.

Kayo was a woman who made her living as a tailor of kimono. So she would use the scissors in her sewing to cut a great deal of cloth, thread, and—other things.

What was she thinking that led her to do so?

There is no longer any means by which one could ascertain her true heart.

You see, the owner of these scissors has since disappeared entirely from this tailor shop.

I have no eyes, and I have no ears.

And yet despite that, I am able to see and hear what goes on all around Enbizaka, where this tailor shop is located—no, much farther than that; I can perceive the land of Onigashima where Enbizaka sits, and the range of space up to its neighboring country.

The inside of the tailor shop is narrow, and right now there are just several sewing implements scattered along the tatami mat.

…Ah, I myself am included among the sewing implements.

The interior of this shop has become engulfed in silence now, but it was a little more bustling just a short time before.

There were the soft work sounds of Kayo doing her tailoring, and conversations between her and her “son”—neither of them were very talkative people, so I suppose it was less bustling and more mild.

Even further back than that was a time when it was much noisier.

That was because Kayo’s husband had been a very talkative man, and her son Ren was still a newborn and thus always crying.

In those days, Kayo would often smile.

A modest and tranquil married life.

Surely, that time was when she had been her happiest.

–But now there is no one left in this tailor shop.

And now there is nothing more I can do than to merely gaze upon the scenery around me.

.

When I shifted my gaze to outside the shop, I could see the buildings of Enbizaka.

The everyday scenery that she had loved.

…It’s almost like everyone’s forgotten that such a horrible incident had occurred here.

There is an execution site at the top of the hill.

Right now the head of a woman who was executed for her crimes is up on display there.

There are two figures standing before that head.

One is a tall man, apparently a monk in the middle of his journey. His face isn’t visible, hidden deep inside an amigasa.

The other one is a golden-haired boy.

I know a great deal about him.

That boy was the very one who carried out the decapitation of the head in front of them.

The boy and the monk are discussing something.

From their tones it sounds as though today is the first time they’ve ever met.

The area around Enbizaka is quiet.

Nothing has changed between then and now…The only differences are that head on display on the hill, and the fact that two stores have been closed.

One of them is this tailor shop.

And the other is a dry-goods store down the hill.

With the both of them now missing their owners, they may never open again.

.

–Broadening my view a little further out, I soon arrived at the sea.

Onigashima isn’t a particularly large island. It only has but one harbor.

…Right now I can see a large merchant ship docked at that harbor.

It’s a foreign ship. It looks like they’re preparing to cast off.

Listening to what the sailors are saying, it appears that they are planning to return now to their native country.

There are several people among the crew that I recognize…

But there is one person who should be there that I cannot see anywhere.

.

There is someone gazing at the ship from on top of a small island reef floating in the sea nearby.

While the top half of this person was certainly human, the bottom half was that of a fish.

Yes…It was a mermaid.

She was observing the merchant ship from afar, taking care that she was not seen by the other humans.

–Whenever I see that mermaid’s appearance, my heart begins to stir, if only a little.

It’s as though in those moments alone I recall the “human feelings” that I thought I’d lost so long ago.

Is this anger, or is it grief for what I have lost–?

I eventually regained my calm, unable to arrive at an answer.

I know that there’s no use thinking about it, and no use trying to do anything about it now.

.

…Growing curious about the figure who should have been on the boat but wasn’t, I learned where she was.

She is currently in the middle of climbing Enbizaka.

The black-haired woman wearing a monocle–

Apparently she is heading for this tailor shop.

I said it earlier, but the owner of this house is no longer here. It’s plain to see that she isn’t coming to visit Kayo.

If so, then why is she coming here…?

.

Shortly thereafter, the entrance to the tailor shop opened.

And of course, the one who came by passing under the hanging sign at the shop’s entrance was the woman.

She looked around the tailor shop for a little while, but eventually she noticed the two scissors on the tatami mat…and then started talking.

“—Long time no see.”

I didn’t quite know the motive to her words.

I certainly recognized her, but we had never directly conversed with each other.

She had once come to this tailor shop to meet with Kayo.

She had seen the scissors while she was here, and so the actual phrase in itself wasn’t wrong.

But would someone normally say something like “long time no see” to a pair of scissors?

It was like she knew that I had a will.

I didn’t reply.

I didn’t think that there was any way those words would reach her if I did.

After a short pause, she walked towards me with her head inclined slightly, and then picked up the two scissors in her hands.

Finally—her face rapidly started to flush.

“What is…the meaning of this!?” she cried, shaking.

So it seems she came to the shop for these scissors in which I dwell.

But some unexpected fact had clearly confused her—so it appeared to me.

While looking upon her…I finally made up my mind, and decided to try speaking to her.
Looks like you missed your guess, Elluka.

I didn’t know if my voice had reached her.

Elluka’s eyes flared for a moment, and then she deeply sighed.

“…Well, that’s alright. This isn’t the first time a ‘Demon of Deadly Sin’ put one over on me.”

She seemed to have already regained her composure.

“So…Who exactly are you, then?”

She had, without a doubt, addressed that question to me.

So Elluka was one of those humans who could “perceive” my voice.

But I merely replied flatly, I have no obligation to tell you that.

To be blunt, I didn’t think very highly of this woman called Elluka.

Rather than “human feelings”, perhaps that was more “defensive instincts”.

I couldn’t help but feel that she was someone who might do me harm.

You are the one who stole Kayo’s body away—You see, I have no desire to open my heart up to such a person.

After I spoke next Elluka replied, while smiling slightly, “But you’ve no reason to call it stealing…It was what Kayo herself wanted, after all.”

And was it not you who led her to feel that way?
“Hmph…Well, in the end it doesn’t matter to me whoever you may be. I’ll be erasing you soon, at any rate,” Elluka announced calmly.

I didn’t know how she would go about with “erasing” me.

But I figured that she was probably able to do it.

Elluka’s ostensible title was as a missionary.

Yet, I knew that Elluka’s true identity was that of a witch who could use bizarre magic.

…

As I fell silent, Elluka’s tone rapidly grew gentler as she next spoke.

“—Relax. When I say that I’ll erase you, I don’t mean anything bad. Although well, you’ll no longer be unable to talk to living people like this.”

…

“If you say that you don’t wish to talk about yourself, that’s fine by me. However…This must be the only time in a very long while that you’ve been able to communicate with another person like this, isn’t it?”

I had to agree that it was as she said.

“I’ll say it again. I’m sure that this will become the last time you have a conversation with a living person. So if you have something to say, if you have something you want to tell, I’ll listen now. I still have time until the ship departs. And in exchange—You will tell me what I want to know.”

Something that I wanted to tell—

What immediately came to my mind was Kayo.

Executed as a mere madwoman understood by no one, and then her head put on display at the top of the hill–

That was Sudou Kayo.

Perhaps even I, who had always been watching her life from close by, could not understand her true motives.

But I felt that at the very least I was closer to it than anyone else.

For that reason I wanted to have told someone.

How she had lived, and in what way she had committed her crimes.

Perhaps that was a kind of atonement for me, unable to have done anything before.

This woman named Elluka before me, naturally, knew the gist of what had happened.

For in a certain sense, she was one of the people related to that incident.

But she had known Kayo a year before, and so she had not seen with her own eyes all of the various events that surrounded her.

–Truthfully, perhaps this is something that I should tell to a different person.

Such as, for example…that golden haired boy.

But I had no idea if he could even hear my words, and he probably wouldn’t be coming back here now.

…I am reluctant to, but…
When I told Elluka that I wanted to tell her about Kayo, she smiled as though satisfied.

It seemed that was something she too wanted to learn about.

“I’ve had a lot of questions, about Kayo…and those around her. Out of all of the people I’ve known, she is the one that I’ve been least able to read.”

.

Where should I begin?…I thought for a moment.

When Kayo was born?

When she married?

Or when her child was born?

No…There’s a better point.

I ought to begin from that incident that served as the beginning of everything.

What had triggered Kayo’s life turning insane–

.

The great fire of Enbizaka four years before.
