For the first time in a long while, she returned to her house.

She’d been anticipating that it wouldn’t be an easy trip to cross the ocean over to Aceid, but she’d made it here an unexpected lack of difficulty.

It seemed as though Bruno hadn’t seized control over the World Police as much as she had thought. Maybe if he had been the long-reigning chief minister it would be different, but the World Police wasn’t so simple an organization that that could be done so handily by a man who’d only just taken command. She was grateful for that point, but on the other hand she was also anxious at herself and her comrade being able to operate so readily despite the police supposedly searching for them. Their leadership and reach was still half-hearted. It was hard to say that they were perfect as a peacekeeping organization that protected the world. Perhaps they were at their limits, still being small after only thirty years since being founded.

Even so, Toragay’s lockdown was in hand at least. Perhaps that wasn’t because it was the World Police, but rather because people simply grew keener whenever their own lives were in peril. As she was now, such defensive instincts were little more than a hindrance to her. She could just blow the officers away and force her way into Toragay, but she was reluctant to recklessly harm innocent people. They had banged up Ayn and Hob, but that was for their own good. They hadn’t aided in their escape, but rather been knocked unconscious after being attacked by escapees–and as such, they wouldn’t end up losing their jobs. Furthermore, even if they’d managed to come here, there wasn’t anything they could do anymore. The battle from here on was beyond their level.

Although, in that case that left the problem of what could she and her partner do? Even if they got into Toragay, how should they deal with a contagion-turned-sleeping poison? If there were any antidote spells then she would prefer to use them, but unfortunately neither of them knew any. So then, there was only one method of resolving this she could think of: finding the source. Once they had should they suppress the source itself, or use the source to get information on curing the poison somehow? She didn’t know which would be the most suitable, but for now—finding Margarita was their best course of action.

Thanks to the shutdown of Toragay, Margarita herself had yet to return there. Right now she should be at the hospital where her father was sleeping. They would head there once they’d made their preparations. The hospital was right near the newspaper company. Should she send in her resignation while they were there? …Maybe not; she shrugged it off as being too much trouble.

Speaking of too much trouble, there was her hair. She’d been dying it green to masquerade as an Elphe. That was because it was the best way to operate in this country without revealing her true identity. Thanks to that she’d picked up the habit of not washing her hair. But there was no need for that now.

She left the house once and then headed for a nearby watering hole. Fortunately, as it was midnight there wasn’t anyone around. She took off all the clothing she had on and entered the pool. Then she started to wash her hair and body. And the water was gradually stained in green.

When she was done washing up, her hair was no longer green, but its normal pink color.

Nude, she headed back to the house. She left her clothing at the watering hole. Instead, she put on the outfit she’d had hanging up in her home, the one the same color as her hair, and a black robe. It was much more fitting than the constrained suit she’d been wearing up until then.

She’d had her apprentice’s clothes in her house too. That apprentice had already swapped into them, and her casually shucked off World Police uniform was laying on the floor.

Her apprentice spoke up.

“Are we going to leave soon, Hanne?”

Hanne. Hanne Lorre. Her temporary name.

“You don’t need to call me that name anymore, Heidemarie…Or rather, Gumillia.”

“That’s true. Well then, shall we go…Elluka?”

Elluka.

Elluka Clockworker.

It had been a long time since she’d been called by her real name.
