It had begun to rain.

It had been raining like this when she came here around two months ago too. Although the rain was more intense today than back then, with no sign of letting up.

If the sky had been clear, they might have been able to see the splendid full moon.

But there was no time to pay mind to that. They had to find Margarita as fast as they could.

“I hope she’s here…”

Elluka and Gumilia descended from the carriage, and looked up at the red building before their eyes.

If they should fail, there wasn’t anything they could do about it this time. For now they could do nothing but pray that their reasoning was on the mark.

There wasn’t a spare moment to go over Calgaround with a fine-tooth comb. The red clothing—relying on just that commonality, Elluka and Gumillia were standing before the mansion of Calgaround’s mayor, Julia Abelard.

“You should head back to the entrance of town for now,” Elluka said to the coachman, looking upon him with worry. “We—Yes, if over two hours go by and we haven’t come back, get out of town immediately.”

“I wish you well in your battle…although I don’t really understand what’s going on still.”

“You don’t need to. You should stay quiet on having brought us here too.”

“In any case…good luck.”

“Thank you.”

After watching the carriage leave, Elluka and Gumillia opened the door to the mansion.

It wasn’t locked.

“—Welcome, come right in.”

Julia Abelard was there to greet them. She didn’t look surprised. It seemed she had anticipated for a while that the two of them would be coming there.

“We don’t have time. Answer me honestly.” Elluka gazed directly at Julia’s face. “Miss Margarita Blankenheim. Is she in this house?”

“…Yes. Margarita’s on the second floor. She’s there to work on her last task.”

“—I thought so. You’re the sorceress who was conning everyone with that name…‘Elluka Clockworker’. If I’d known that at the beginning, I could have finished this without taking such a detour.”

“Life is a procession of detours, Miss Hanne Lorre…Or rather—Miss Elluka Clockworker.” Julia grinned broadly.

“–! …You knew. You knew that I was the real Elluka.”

“Oh yes, of course. That’s why I directed you to go to Toragay.”

“…And that librarian was your accomplice as well, wasn’t he?”

“I wanted to see if you could figure out Margarita’s true identity. …You’ve let me down, Miss Elluka. I thought you’d be able to arrive at the truth much faster than this.”

Julia let out a disappointed sigh. Seeing that, Elluka shot back, irritated, “You’re just being a sore loser. Even I noticed there was something fishy about Margarita. But I didn’t have proof. Without any clear evidence that she was someone who had contracted with a ‘Vessel of Deadly Sin’, I couldn’t just make a move on her at random.”

“‘Contractor’? Margarita?”

“Isn’t that the case? She’s been putting the people of her town to sleep using the power of the demon in the vess—”

“Haaah…What a letdown. You…don’t know anything at all,” Julia sighed again.

“And just what is it you’re saying I don’t know!?”

“All of it, all of it. I didn’t do anything to lead you astray but you’ve been completely fooled anyway. …She had told me to let you into Pere Noel, but I won’t. There’s no way you have the required skill.”

“…So Pere Noel is wrapped up in this after all.”

“Yes…Yes. I am the leader of ‘Pere Noel’, ‘First, Santa Claus’. The late Kaspar was ‘Second, Dealer’. Margarita…I suppose I’d call her, ‘Third, Sleep Princess’. …Would you be satisfied with that answer?”

“Why was Kaspar killed? Was there some internal struggle in the organization?”

“Margarita did that on her own…But, well. He was breaking the organization’s rules, and tried to hog all the profits for the black market for himself. I certainly couldn’t let that slide. So I gave Margarita ‘gift’. She’d asked for it.”

“That…red liquid.”

The item that Julia had left in the inn. But judging from her tone, that wasn’t something that she’d forgotten by accident.

“Oh, so you properly noticed that, did you? I’m so glad you found my hint. That was the third ‘gift’, which I made—but that was just a dud, one that didn’t serve any purpose on its own. Margarita skillfully improved upon it, and with that made the fourth ‘gift’.”

“She killed Kaspar and Marx with that, right?”

“She only killed Kaspar with the fourth ‘gift’. For Marx she made the fifth ‘gift’. Although it seems that didn’t do the job as well. Her refinement of it actually weakened its effects, paradoxically.”

That was likely why Marx didn’t immediately die, then.

“Through that failure, Margarita pushed on and created the sixth ‘gift’. It’s a most marvelous thing. There’s no need to have the victim drink it. The contagion spreads through the air, and then one by one guides people to a sleep-like death–she’s magnificently created a pandemic that exceeds even the ‘Gula Disease’!”

The Gula Disease—that was a miraculous pathogen that once spread throughout Evillious, and drove many people to their deaths. It was an illness deemed incurable until recently when Puerick Rogzé invented a cure for it.

“…I’ll eradicate such a thing immediately.”

“You think so? Is that even something you can do? In the end you couldn’t even do anything about the Gula Disease—the illness released by the ‘Vessel of Gluttony’–right? You couldn’t protect Arth or Anne from it.”

“–Don’t you dare speak their names.”

Right then even Gumillia beside her could hear Elluka grinding her teeth. Arth and Anne…They were her old friends, who she’d been unable to save. It was a memory that left a deep shadow on her heart even now.

As though to ridicule Elluka’s irritation, Julia continued to speak.

“You’ve realized it now, haven’t you? The sixth ‘gift’ won’t go away even if you kill Margarita. Just like the Gula Disease, it will remain as an infectious illness—and continue to kill people.”

"…Grr.”

“And that’s not all. Margarita is currently trying to create a seventh ‘gift’. And by dawn, when she has it complete–What will happen then? Maybe it will destroy humanity, hahaha.”

”–I won’t let her finish it.“

Elluka prepared to unleash a spell.

–But Gumillia spoke up before she could.

"…Is 'Fifth, Pierrot’, here?” she asked, looking calm.

“Ah…Yes, that’s right, Gumillia. You were pursuing him, weren’t you? –But unfortunately, 'Fifth, Pierrot’ has already returned home. But if you’re looking for the girl he was taking with him, she’s in the basement. Feel free to let her go once you’ve defeated me.”

“I thought so a while back, but you have been, very talkative.”

“Heheh, it’s fine. This is the time of question-and-answer that I’ve been eagerly waiting for. Not to mention, you—”

“'You won’t be able, to tell anyone. Because you’ll, die here!’–That’s what you mean, to say?”

“…Correct.”

After saying so, Julia also made the same gesture as Elluka.

But what rose up from her two hands was not wind.

It was the same color as her clothing. A crimson fire.

“Gumillia, step aside.”

Elluka pushed Gumillia out of the way and released a tornado from her hand.

The tornado grew in intensity, heading straight for Julia as it encompassed the wood on the floor and the furniture around them.

Gazing at the sight, Julia sent her own flames towards the tornado without making any sign of alarm.

If they were normal flames they would probably have been snuffed out by the tornado in an instant.

But the flames that Julia unleashed changed shape as though they had a will of their own, taking on the form of a large serpent. The fire snake wrapped around the tornado as though to capture it, and it was completely negated.

“…!”

Elluka certainly hadn’t seen that coming. If Julia was indeed the same “Red Cat Sorceress” from before, then she had fought her in the past. At the time Elluka had both been taken by surprise and under attack by her underlings, and so she’d been effectively defeated.

So this time she had created a tornado with her full magical power right from the start.

Frankly, she had intended to settle this with one blow.

“Hmph…A spell that controls wind—Or perhaps it would be more accurate to say, a spell that turns nature into your own power by manipulating it. You could display that strength to the fullest in a forest or above an ocean. However…Seems it doesn’t work so well inside a house like this,” Julia analyzed Elluka’s magic with an air of calm. Next she turned to Gumillia. “The former spirit here has the same sort of power, yes?”

Gumillia made no reply. But Elluka knew. As a former forest spirit, Gumillia was much more dependent on their surrounding environment than Elluka. She may have been at her strongest if they were battling in a forest, but in a town like this her power dropped dramatically.

In that case—

Elluka suddenly started to sing.

A beautiful melody flowed from her lips.

A “spell song”—That was the strongest among all of the magical techniques that Elluka used, her so-called special technique.

By putting magical energy in a song, she was able to draw out the effect of her spells several times over. As it simultaneously increased their burden on the body it wasn’t something to be used lightly, but this wasn’t such a situation where that caution would apply.

Normally, the magical energy that the song carried would gradually well up inside her body.

However—

…That’s odd. My magic isn’t overflowing in the least.

With this she was just some weirdo singing in front of an enemy.

Elluka stopped singing.

Julia grinned widely watching her.

“Heheheh—If you’re a sorceress yourself, naturally you must know. Using high-grade magic requires some degree of preparation. This is my house, so you two have had no opportunity at all to do anything of the sort. But…That’s not so for me. I’ll say it again, this is my house!”

As Julia cried out, writing stood out against the walls of the mansion. They were carved symbols that gave off black light, closely packed against the red walls.

“Let me say up front that you can’t use ‘spell songs’. They’re sealed by these carvings. In here, no matter how much you sing it won’t grant you any power! –So, with these odds I might win even if it’s two against one, hahahahaha.”

So then, knowing what methods Elluka and Gumillia had on them, she had beaten them to the punch.

“Come then…Be burned to cinders.”

Julia once more shot fire from her hands. The flames were several times bigger than the ones before, and reached even to the ceiling.

Although there was no sign of the ceiling burning from those flames.

“Relax. These fires won’t burn down the mansion. I can’t afford to let Margarita get charred to a crisp. These are flames that only burn people. …In other words, these are flames that will only kill you two!”

This was bad. There was no way to ward off those flames inside like this.

They could run outside—no, Julia wouldn’t let that slide. The entrance must have been sealed with magic the moment Elluka and Gumillia walked in the door.

She had no option but to summon up a wind once more. But…Would she be able to overcome such enormous flames? What should she do, unable to use spell songs and only left with magical techniques that had declined from what they used to be–

Her foe was not kind enough to wait for Elluka to think things over.

Before she knew it, Julia’s flames were advancing before her eyes.

…Ah, I’m in deep trouble—I might die here.

Elluka might have had an immortal body (albeit that had come into doubt lately), but that certainly didn’t mean she was invincible. It would hurt her to be cut by a sword, and naturally if she got burned up by fire it would be farewell to this world.

How half-baked of the “Sin”. I wish that I could have been made invincible while it was making me immortal. If so then I could have been as reckless as I wanted, and might have looked for the “Vessels of Deadly Sin” faster—Oh enough. There’s no point in me making such unsightly excuses right before I die.

There was no time for her to struggle by raising a wind. The flames had already reached the tip of Elluka’s nose.

Elluka steadied her resolve and closed her eyes.

–The fire didn’t burn Elluka’s clothing or skin.

Literally, it had all been washed clean. There was a large hole in the wall, and the rain pouring in from it was gathering up into a turbid stream and extinguishing Julia’s fire.

“Ho…My flames can’t be put out by regular rain. Have you changed this rain into magical water? Impressive, Elluka,” Julia praised.

But that was wrong. Elluka wasn’t the one who used the rain.

Then that left one answer. The other sorceress present there—

“Gumillia!”

She had done it.

“Elluka…you’re too panicked.”

“I-I am not!”

“Yes, you are–Hey, woman.“ Gumillia waved her left hand, and the turbid stream returned back to rain. While doing so, she pointed her right hand at Julia and began to speak to her. "Where, have you left your red cat plushy?”

“…”

Julia didn’t reply. The smile had vanished from her face.

That was true. If she was “Red Cat Sorceress”, then her true body would be the plushy. Her human bodies were simply being manipulated by it. So the “Red Cat Sorceress” always either had the plushy riding her shoulders or at least somewhere nearby.

But she couldn’t see it anywhere in the mansion.

In other words, that meant–

“You…are not the 'Red Cat Sorceress’!” Elluka cried, also pointing at Julia.

Gumillia made a dissatisfied expression. “I had, wanted, to say that…”

Without a word, Julia glared at Elluka, and then turned that glare to Gumillia.

“…Hmph.”

And then she made her third sigh that day.

“It seems of the ‘Eternal Sorceresses’, the apprentice is the superior one. …Yes. Congratulations. I am not the 'Red Cat Sorceress’, and while I’m at it I’m not 'First, Santa Claus’ either. … You could go as far as to say that I’m not even 'Julia Abelard’.“

She pinched the edges of her skirt and lifted them in a quick curtsey,

“Let me introduce myself again. I am the most loyal apprentice of ‘First, Santa Claus’…the one you call the ‘Red Cat Sorceress’—I am called ‘Fourth, Shadow’. The ‘Four’ is simply because I like that number; in actuality I am the most senior member below my lady, heheheheheheh.”

“’Fourth, Shadow’—In other words, you’re her body double?” Elluka asked.

"Yes, that’s so.”

“Then the fake ‘Elluka’ who got close with Margarita—”

“Oh yes, that was not a lie. You weren’t mistaken on that. Though of course, that was something that I’d done under my lady’s orders.”

Come to think of it—Rita at the Charity Institute had said that the “messenger of the gods” who’d arrived when Margarita was born was a different woman from the fake Elluka.

She’d been right. The “messenger of the gods” was the genuine “Red Cat Sorceress”, and the fake Elluka who showed up in Toragay after that was the “Fourth, Shadow” standing before them…That must be it.

“Ah, that’s right. I’ll tell you everything, before you ask me—I am also the one who burned down Lioness twelve years ago. –My, how nostalgic. Now that I think about it, that was my first job. Though, I’d done it by own judgment. My lady has such an attachment to you. I got so burned up with jealousy. But in the end, I wasn’t able to kill you, my whole reason for doing it. …Little Shadow was but a novice back then you see, teehee♪”

“I see…I’m glad to hear that…In that case then I can kill you without hesitation.”

“My my, such bold talk, Miss Elluka. Alright, then if it’s like that how about I send you once more the fire spell that my lady taught m—”

“No need.”

The one to butt in between them was Gumillia. She had drawn her fireworks gun, and pointed the muzzle at Shadow.

“If you, are the ‘Red Cat Sorceress’ apprentice, then your opponent, can be me, an apprentice as well.”

“…Getting awfully cocky, aren’t we, Miss Ex-spirit? All you’re going to do is dodge my flames aga—”

Whether it was “Shhpah!”, “Crack!”, or “Ka-boom!”—at any rate, a bright flash shot from Gumillia’s gun along with a loud explosion.

–But Shadow nimbly dodged it.

“What an interesting thing you have there. Is that a gun with magic in it? I see, so then you’re able to use a degree of magical power without relying on the enviro—"

Another explosive noise rung out, and another flash headed for Shadow.

But she once again dodged it.

“You’re slow. Too slow. Something like that’s not going to work on m—”

“Then, what about this?”

Gumillia took out a knife from her pocket, and rapidly inscribed a symbol onto it.

She quickly brought up the gun again, and fired off a third time.

The flash that came out was much faster than before.

“—Oop.”

Shadow just barely managed to dodge with a bit of panic. The flash only grazed her skirt.

“An acceleration symbol, hm? How marvelous. But unfortunately, I’m still just a bit too fast for—”

“‘Clockwork Secret Art’.”

The moment those words came to Gumillia’s mouth, the rain coming in from the hole in the wall suddenly stopped all at once.

Not just that. The dusk outside brightened, and the scenery at once changed to the middle of the day.

“Wh…what is—”

A bizarre change began to occur in Shadow too. The movements of her body had changed to something quite openly sluggish.

“Wh…at…is…th…is…”

Gumillia leisurely walked up to Shadow.

“Ho…w…are…yo…u…so…fa…st…?”

From Shadow’s perspective, Gumillia’s movements probably looked like they’d gotten extremely rapid.

But they weren’t. In truth—the flow of time around Shadow had simply gotten slower.

The Clockwork Secret Art—ordinarily it was a spell that required elaborate preparation, and a source of great magical power to accompany it.

And yet Gumillia…had used it without any preparation or without even recitation of any spell words.

Gumillia put her gun’s muzzle on Shadow’s temple and immediately pulled the trigger.

“Ough!”

Shadow gave out a miserable scream, fell back, and then was blown away.

Even after she collided with the ground, Shadow didn’t lose consciousness. She staggered around on her feet. Apparently the effects of the Clockwork technique itself had cut out.

“Looks as though, right now, this is my limit, after all,” Gumillia muttered regretfully.

If the Clockwork Secret Art had been completely unleashed to its full effect, Shadow’s movements wouldn’t have just slowed, but time would have completely come to a full standstill. The span of time that it was in effect would have been much longer, too.

Gumillia might have declared herself to be at her limit in that sense, but even so it was more than enough. It was beyond what the average sorcerer would be able to even put into operation alone.

“Alright. One more try. Clockwork—”

“N…Hold on a moment! Stop,” Shadow anxiously screamed, running outside from the hole in the wall.

The outside of the mansion had once more turned to nighttime, and the rain had started pouring again.

“…You won’t escape,” Gumillia murmured. Immediately after, something snagged on Shadow’s body.

“Wh…!?”

It was the stems of Greeonio Plateau Roses. They had been growing in the garden, and had rapidly expanded, binding Shadow’s arms and legs. Not just one, but several had all attacked her at once.

“I c-can’t move—”

“And now…return to the earth.”

The Greeonio Plateau Roses’ vigor didn’t stop at arresting Shadow. The pointed stems pierced into her skin, and burrowed into her insides. The number of stems wrapped around her grew and grew, until finally Shadow’s body had been completely obscured by them.

Elluka could do nothing but gaze during the whole fight. She merely watched over these actions that far surpassed what she pictured of her favored pupil in complete admiration.

The Greeonio Plateau Roses stopped growing. The captured Shadow said nothing.

Eventually the countless stems fused together and changed to one large stem, and finally a massive flower bloomed from it.

.

And so, the battle came to an abrupt end—

And Fourth, Shadow literally became an enormous Flower of the Plateau.
