“…Haah. Maybe I ought to retire soon, huh?”

Elluka was sulking. It was true that her apprentice had solved everything, but she was really feeling her limits at being unable to get in a solid hit against not even the “Red Cat Sorceress” but a mere underling.

“Look…it’s a full moon, tonight,” Gumillia said as though to smooth things over.

It was certainly true that a sorceress’ power could be used to its fullest when the moon was full, but Shadow and Elluka were in the same position. Gumillia’s true power was overwhelming, to where it seemed hardly related to the waxing and waning of the moon. It had been over a hundred years since she had become Elluka’s apprentice—it seemed she’d raised her well to this point, though she had hardly given her any training.

“Maybe you should do everything else after this, Gumillia. And let this old woman go home to take a nap, hmph!” Elluka said, deliberately looking the other way.

“Don’t say that…Margarita, is still, remaining. We must stop her…”

“—That’s right. Like you said, it’s a full moon tonight. The demon’s power will be at its strongest too. …I feel like it’ll be alright, with you here, the way you are now. At any rate, let’s brace ourselves!”

Her words were less to cheer up Gumillia than herself.

If they were to believe what Shadow told them, Margarita was on the second floor. But then, despite all the pandemonium they (chiefly Gumillia) caused on the first floor, there was no sign of her coming down to see what was happening. So it seemed they would have to go see her themselves.

Elluka and Gumillia carefully climbed the stairs to the second floor.

.

With no illumination or lighting, the second floor was pitch-black. Elluka and Gumillia moved along slowly to keep from stumbling.

Eventually, they saw a faint light. It was coming from the room farthest in. They fumbled for the doorknob and quietly opened it.

That room wasn’t furnished with lamps either. Only the flame of a candle on a desk further inside made the silhouette of the figure there pop out.

Green hair in pigtails—Without a doubt, it was Margarita. She seemed to be wrapped up in something, to the extent where she hadn’t noticed them entering the room. She looked to be making something, facing the desk.

There were deep gashes on her right wrist; blood was flowing from there and trickling down to the ground. From the looks of it, they were wounds she’d made herself. There was a blood-stained knife on the desk, and a clear bottle filled with a red liquid next to it. At long intervals she would pour the liquid inside the bottle into a flat dish before her eyes. She then next poured in a different liquid, and mixed them with a pestle rod.

It was no wonder that no matter how Elluka and the World Police had searched, they hadn’t been able to find the poison, from neither the victim’s bodies nor the Blankenheim mansion. She had always wondered where it had been hidden, but it was a trivial matter.

–It was always there. The blood flowing in Margarita’s body was the poisonous ingredient that they couldn’t detect.

She was hiding the poison in her own body. The third “gift” that Shadow had brought her—she didn’t know how exactly, but Margarita had taken that in and had changed it into her own blood. Or, perhaps that had been done by the power of the “demon” that she had contracted with.

Using her own blood as a basis, Margarita was periodically creating new “gift”s.

Why would she do such a thing? –No, she could imagine the gist of that now.

Elluka felt a little bit of sympathy for the circumstances she had been placed in, and her condition. But in spite of that, she couldn’t forgive her for trying to grant her wish by getting innocent people wrapped up in this.

“Margarita.”

Elluka called out her name. When she did, Margarita finally stopped working, noticing her intruders.

“Oh…Miss Hanne.”

When she turned around, Margarita smiled, no sign of unrest in her. She didn’t seem to pay any attention to the fact that Elluka’s hair and eye color was different, or that Gumillia was behind her.

“Stop this already,” Elluka said to Margarita.

“Stop what?”

“This ‘gift’ that you’re creating. You can’t just keep making it when it causes disaster for so many people. What you need to make is something else. Not a medicine to put people to sleep, but one to wake them up–the antidote to ‘gift’.”

Even if they killed her here, there was no guarantee it would fix the damage to Toragay. Their final hope was to get the woman who had created it to make them an antidote.

But Margarita shook her head, as though she didn’t understand what Elluka was saying.

“Why? I don’t need to make any antidote. Because everyone—everyone is happy. Inside sleep, everyone forgets the pains and troubles of living. Unpleasant reality, unrequited feelings. Inside a dream, everyone can forget them. That’s why I made it. The ‘gift’. This sleep medicine. I am—yes, I am the Sleep Princess. The one who will make everyone sleep. The woman who will become everyone’s hope. The woman who sought out h—”

“Be quiet!”

Elluka shouted at Margarita, cutting off her speech.

“What happiness!? What hope!? This is nothing more than your own ego. You just want to sleep yourself. Maybe the “Red Cat Sorceress” did this to you, but—with this medicine you made to finally make yourself sleep, you’re dragging other people into this. …Maybe you can’t realize this yourself, but you’ve gone completely insane. Your spirit has been eaten away by your contract with a demon.”

“A contract with a demon? …There you go talking about that again,” Margarita giggled. “I haven’t made any contracts. I am me. From the moment I was born, I’ve always been myself. There are things I’ve forgotten, but even those I’ve begun to remember, little by little. For example, when it comes to you—You are Hanne Lorre. But not just that. You bear other names as well. I remembered that. You’re ‘Elluka Clockworker’. And you’re ‘Lukana Octo’.”

“Wha!?”

Shadow had also realized Elluka’s true self. So it wasn’t strange that Margarita would know that, with the two of them being friends as they were.

–But, how did the name “Lukana Octo” come up? How did Margarita know about the woman who was the original owner of Elluka’s current body? Lukana had already died close to 450 years ago, so why–?

Margarita continued speaking, indifferent to Elluka’s confusion.

“You’ve been alive for several centuries now. Haven’t you ever thought it was painful? Haven’t you ever thought that you were tired of it all? –It’s alright. That’s just the way humans are. I can’t sleep. I can’t sleep today either. I want to become human. I want to be able to sleep like a normal human being. You want that too, don’t you? Then–let’s drink it together. Let’s drink this together.”

Margarita moved the liquid in the dish on the desk into a new glass bottle, and then tried holding it out to Elluka.

It was a green liquid, the same color as her hair.

“I’ve just finished it. This is the final product. The last ‘gift’. To me this is my last beloved child. And it will grant both you and I a most pleasant, wonderful sleep.”

“No way. I still have a mountain of work that I need to be awake for.”

“Pulling all-nighters isn’t good for the body, is it? You’re no spring chicken anymore—you need to know when to call it quits.”

“That’s none of your concern.”

“Well, that’s alright. If you’re not going to drink it, then I will—“

–There was no time to stop her.

Margarita tipped the liquid inside the small bottle she was holding in her hands directly into her mouth.

“Wh—Stop! Spit that out right now!”

Margarita collapsed on the spot. Elluka hurriedly picked her up in her arms.

She needed Margarita to make an antidote. There was no way to do that if she died here.

She hit Margarita’s back several times. But she didn’t spit up the drug.

“Ah, this is it…My child is so wonderful…This is a very efficacious medicine…To the point where I’ll be able to sleep forever…”

“No! You can’t…You can’t go yet!”

In defiance of Elluka’s wishes, Margarita’s eyes grew progressively emptier.

“With this…I too will finally…be able to sleep…Ah…I remember…I remember everything…He’s…waiting for me…I’ll go right now…to be by his side…I’ll go…to the fore…”

“Don’t go! Don’t sleep! –Don’t escape! Margarita!”

Elluka continued to beat on Margarita’s back.

And through it all, she closed her eyes and stopped moving completely.

.

“…Elluka. She’s already…”

Gumillia put a hand on Elluka’s shoulder.

At that, Elluka quietly laid Margarita’s corpse on the floor, chewing her lip.

Margarita breathed her last as though she was sleeping.

Like the other people that she had killed.

The sleep princess had become the sleeping princess.

“…”

Elluka stood up, and stood there there silently for a moment.

“Elluka…”

“…Let’s return to Toragay, Gumillia. There’s still some hope. Maybe with Margarita’s death, the pathogen—the sixth ‘gift’ will have lost its potency. ‘Gift’ isn’t necessarily like the Gula disease. Shadow might have been bluffing.”

“—And, if that’s not the case?”

“…We’ll just do what we can, we have no other choice. Come on, let’s go.”

“Okay…Ah—wait a second.”

Gumillia stopped Elluka as she moved to leave the room.

“What?”

“I have to, save Rin Chan too…”

“…Right, the other matter that you were pursuing—she’s in the basement, right? Alright, let’s go wrap that up first. Quickly.”

Elluka and Gumillia went down to the first floor, and from there headed for the stairs to the basement.
