The diva Rin Chan was neither locked inside a cell nor was she bound with rope.

It looked like she’d just been living there in the basement normally. The room wasn’t locked, so if she had the inclination to leave she could presumably have done so at any time. But she hadn’t.

Yet despite whatever circumstances she had, she showed no sign of animosity towards Elluka and Gumillia, and made no move to swoop on them. So apparently she wasn’t an ally of “Pere Noel”.

“Are you going to help me out of this? Thank you very much,” Rin Chan said, demurely expressing her gratitude.

What surprised Elluka was that her face greatly resembled another historical figure.

Riliane Lucifen d’Autriche…The Lucifenian princess who had become the cause of the Lucifenian Revolution one hundred years earlier…Rin Chan was the spitting image of her.

It seemed almost inevitable that whenever some incident involving the “Vessels of Deadly Sin” occurred, people who resembled figures from her past made an appearance. Margarita and Kaspar Blankenheim had also had identical faces to certain people who had lived long ago.

Kyle Marlon, Karchess Crim…Blue haired men who’d been involved with the Lucifenian Revolution and the Venomania Event, respectively. But starting with Kaspar they had all been related to the Marlon royal family, and so it was possible that it was just due to simple genetics. Even if they looked far too similar for just that.

–To tell the truth, Elluka had known one other man who resembled those figures. It was much, much farther back than either of them…A man who had lived in the Magic Kingdom. Elluka had never met him directly. She had only seen what he looked like on the television, a device that existed back in the Magic Kingdom.

Adam Moonlit. The man who had been the one in charge of the first project “Ma”, and also Eve Moonlit’s beloved. Perhaps she could investigate someday into his connection with the Marlon line.

Perhaps Rin Chan also had some blood relation to Riliane. …Well, that didn’t matter now. Gumillia knew about Riliane too. That must have been the reason that Gumillia had been following after this girl, who looked so much like her.

“Come, let’s go. We’ll send you, to Rolled,” Gumillia said, holding her hand out to Rin Chan.

But Rin Chan shook her head with some slight hesitation.

“Um…If it’s not too much trouble, could you perhaps take me somewhere else instead? For various reasons I don’t really want to go back to Rolled anymore. Or sing either, since…I’ve already been exposed as a lip-syncer…”

“What!?”

For the first time, Elluka saw a blatant expression of unrest on Gumillia’s face unlike she’d ever seen before.

“This can’t be…a lip-syncer…Rin Chan is…a lip-syncer…even though…I…believed in her.”

She didn’t know why it was such a big deal, but it seemed to be a pretty considerable shock.

It was too bad for Gumillia, but they really didn’t have time to get worked up over it.

“Well…Let’s drop her off near Aceid for now. We have to rush to Toragay, don’t we, Gumillia?”

“Y…yeah.”

That coachman would be waiting for them at the town entrance.

–How should they explain things to him?

Elluka was wrapped up with thoughts of what to do after this point.

Gumillia was still trying to regain her composure from the impact that Rin Chan was a lip-syncer.

…Because of that, neither of them were able to realize—

–There was one other person concealed in that room.

.

“…Huh?”

Elluka stood still. She wasn’t able to grasp immediately what had happened to her body.

…A long blade was sticking out of her stomach.

A sword.

Someone had stabbed her from behind.

“—You~ are wanting in caution~ Lady Elluka Clockworker.”

That wasn’t Rin Chan.

Naturally it wasn’t Gumillia either.

But she’d heard that voice and that manner of speaking before.

“Wh…y are…you…here…?”

Mustering up her strength, Elluka turned around. The owner of the sword had his face covered up with a cloth, and so she couldn’t see what he looked like.

The librarian of the former royal library—The man that had directed Elluka towards going to Toragay.

“Bastard!”

Gumillia fired her gun at him. But he rapidly pulled his sword from Elluka’s body and caught the flash of light with the side of the blade, sending it flying.

“The name I do wear is ‘Sixth, Venom’—And I have vanquished Elluka Clockworker here, in the residence of the mayor of Calgaround!”

Gumillia fired the gun several times. One of the flashes grazed Venom’s face, tearing away the cloth that had been covering it.

His long purple hair tumbled free from the cloth.

Venom then took a step back and put one foot on the stairs.

“Fare thee well!”

And with those parting words, he sprinted up the stairs.

Gumillia holstered her gun and rushed to Elluka’s side.

Deep red blood was oozing from her flank.

“Ghuh…”

Rin Chan was frozen in shock in the corner of the room.

I guess this Venom wasn’t just…an accomplice.

.

Elluka was immortal, but certainly not invincible.

She would burn if put to fire, and if she was stabbed—she could die.

Elluka fell face down on the spot, and then lay still.
