She’d expected it, but when they finally arrived in the town of Toragay it was already the dead of night. That was only natural, given that by the time they’d left Calgaround the sun had already gone down.

Toragay was a town situated in the center of Elphegort, but that didn’t mean that it was a large city. But then, that was in comparison to Aceid to the southeast; it was much more prosperous and had a larger population than both Calgaround that she’d just been to and the farming villages that dotted the landscape west from there.

Despite that, at this time of night there were naturally almost no people still about, and the city had gone desolately quiet.

Fortunately, the coachman said that he knew of an inn that was open even at midnight, and so she’d decided to have him take her there. They made their way there, but like the other buildings around all the lights had been put out.

“Is it really open?”

Giving a side-eye to Hanne as she grew somewhat anxious, the coachman got down from the carriage and began to violently bang on the inn’s door.

“Oy! Ma, it’s me! Open up!”

After a moment the inn’s lights were lit, and a stern-faced old woman poked her head out.

“…Don’t go pounding away at my door, you stupid boy. I’ve only just fixed it from when you broke it before.”

“Yeah well, I’ve got you a customer. Give her lodging.”

The old woman, the apparent inn owner, glared at Hanne riding in the luggage compartment with a sour expression.

“…16 Ev. Paid up front,” she said curtly.

Of course Hanne had no intention of staying there for free in the least, so upon stepping down from the carriage she handed the gold to the old woman as requested.

After receiving the fee the old woman gave no thanks, simply turning around and entering the inn again.

The coachman turned back to Hanne with a slightly awkward expression.

“Ah, you’ll have to pardon her. I’m sure she’s cleaning up your room.”

“Just letting me stay here is good enough.”

“Thank you for saying that. Well then, I’m gonna go rest in my own room, so if you need the carriage tomorrow don’t hesitate to let me know.”

The two of them entered the inn, the coachman heading for his own room and Hanne heading for a guest room on the second floor.

.

The following morning, when Hanne made her way downstairs from her room, the old woman was making her breakfast.

Hanne said “Good morning” to her, but she didn’t even smile back.

“…Did your bed not suit ya? You have shadows under your eyes.”

Saying only that, she set a bowl on the table as though throwing it away.

Inside the bowl was a little bit of boiled white sausage.

“Ah, no. It’s not that I couldn’t sleep or anything. It’s just that I had a little bit of work left to wrap up…By the by, is there a post office around here? I’d like to send a letter—“ Hanne said while sitting down in her chair.

“Well if that’s the case just leave it to me.”

It was the coachman—the old woman’s son–who replied to that, showing up from behind Hanne.

“I work as a postman too. As long as it’s inside the country I can carry it.”

“You wouldn’t mind handling it for me? It’s a missive to the Schuburg newspaper in Aceid.”

“No problem. Well then—"

The coachman received the letter from Hanne. As he was about to leave, the old woman called out to him, “Are you going to eat any breakfast?”

“It’s alright, I’m not hungry. Well then, I’m off!”

After seeing out the coachman as he dashed off, the old woman set out a plate with two servings of bread and sat in a chair herself.

“Your son is a hard worker.”

“That’s ‘cause his only goal in life is earning money. Despite the fact that the dim boy hardly brings in that much…With you sending a letter to the newspaper, does that mean you’re a reporter or something?”

“Yes, well, yeah.”

“Then the work you were doing all night was—"

“I was writing an article to publish in next week’s paper.”

“Oh I see, how rough. There weren’t any newspapers when I was young. Honestly—how is it going? Do they sell well?”

“Right now…it’s at a delicate stage.”

“The Freezis Foundation tries so many eccentric things. Well, I guess I can see it turning a profit someday.”

Judging by how they were talking now, while she certainly wasn’t an amiable person she didn’t seem a bad sort.

“So, what are you doing in a town like this, Reporter? I don’t think we’ve got anything that’s worth making an article about. There’d be a lot of scandals and events going on if you went somewhere else, right? Like the assistant mayor of Aceid being attacked, or the ‘New World’.”

“Ah, none of those things are really in my field…”

“I see.”

The “New World” that the old woman spoke of was the recently discovered continent of “Maistia”.

On the other side of the sea to the west of Elphegort was the island nation of Marlon. On the other side of the ocean father west than that they had discovered an until-this-point unknown new continent.

The discovery was an exploit undertaken by a single adventurer, but the ones to sponsor that adventurer was none other than the Freezis Foundation. You could say that all the various resources and treasures recovered from the new continent secured the foundation’s influence and assets.

“Maybe my boy would make more if he got into a company related to the Freezis Foundation …but he hasn’t got the knack for it.”

“Is that so? I don’t get that impression.”

“You don’t have to flatter him. Shipping, newspapers, and even police officers…The foundation has its hands in all sorts of trades, but the only people who can work there are extraordinarily talented people, isn’t that right? Even you are a top-end elite, aren’t you?”

“I don’t think…”

“I’m sorry if I’ve made you feel bad. I’m not really complaining—rather, I think very highly of the foundation. You hire superb people regardless of social rank. Thanks to that, even the old rule of nobles being above all has lessened somewhat. Only, there is one thing. The headquarters of the foundation is in Marlon, isn’t it? I don’t know if that’s the reason why, but I can’t stand do-nothing Marlons being able to swagger around all cocky and arrogant about themselves even in this country.” After saying her piece the old woman quickly lowered her voice and began saying in a whisper to Hanne, “—Well, I can’t say that sort of thing too loudly.”

“…? Why is that?”

The old woman made a blatantly astonished face.

“What? For a reporter you don’t know anything, do you? Don’t you know about Marquis Blankenheim who runs this town?”

Ah, she understood. That was it.

Kaspar Blankenheim, the current lord of Toragay. If she recalled correctly, he was from Marlon too. The town of Toragay had originally been ruled by the Felix family for generations. But after Earl Felix’s failure during the war between Lucifenia and Elphegort a hundred years ago, the Marlon-born Blankenheim family took over governing Toragay in their stead. It was at the time a strategy to curry favor with the militarily strong country of Marlon, and also to give pause to any invasion of Elphegort by them. And so the governance of the Blankenheim family continued even now that relations between Elphegort and Marlon had improved.

And there was something else that she recalled.

Blue hair. There were many people with blue hair as a trait of those closely related to the Marlon royal line.

Though, just because it was common didn’t mean it was true of all of them. The current king had black hair, and the king before that was a redhead. You would have to go back over a hundred years to find a blue haired Marlon king.

Only, there was sufficient chance that the person who had sold that librarian the book—the blue haired man said to be the leader of “Pere Noel”—had some connection to the man of the Blankenheim family.

Or perhaps it was Marquis Blankenheim himself–

In any case, she had yet to make his acquaintance.

Perhaps she ought to meet him first.
