She stayed in Toragay for about two days, but in the end wasn’t able to find any “man with blue hair” outside of Marquis Blankenheim.

Almost all of the people in town were Elphe. Those who didn’t have green hair would stand out fairly well, and so if there were any with blue hair it was vanishingly unlikely that she wouldn’t have managed to seize some clue as to their whereabouts.

All of the Marlons were travelers, and while there were several who were otherwise immigrants, none of them had blue hair.

She’d learned that Kaspar Blankenheim’s father, the previous lord, had had blue hair. But he had already passed away.

Leaving out the possibility that she’d missed something, there were only two options she could think of.

Either this “leader of Pere Noel” that the librarian had met had come to Toragay from the outside.

Or, perhaps it was Kaspar Blankenheim after all.

In the event that it was the latter, then the chances of him having been murdered grew much stronger, and the credibility of the doctor’s claim that he had died of illness grew much weaker.

He was killed by someone—although, neither the marquis nor his lover had showed any outside wounds.

Well, Constable Ayn Anchor and the rest of the World Police were investigating regarding the cause of death. She would have to ask his opinion when she had the chance.

The problem was who had murdered the marquis. Had he been betrayed by an underling from internal conflict in Pere Noel? In that case then the suspicious one there was that doctor—Marx Felix. As far as Hanne could see, he was clearly acting strange.

And the name “Felix”…That was the name of the earl who had once governed the town before the Blankenheim family. If he was related to that family, then she could come up with a theory on that.

There was another suspect—the marquis’ wife who hadn’t shown herself back then. She had to consider the possibility that she, as Marx’s daughter, was involved.

There were things she wanted to talk about with the wife too, but right now entry into the Blankenheim family manor was forbidden by the World Police, as well as any contact with the family.

Hanne had thought about getting in touch with Ayn on that and the matter of checking the cause of death once everything had calmed down, but before she could some unthinkable—or rather, unforeseen–interference had reared its head.

She had received an order to return home from the Schuburg newspaper. She’d already sent them the manuscript of her article by letter, so naturally they’d gleaned her whereabouts. Ever further, she was engaging on an assignment different from her planned one without approval from the company, so she could easily imagine that the company president had taken great offense to that.

Regretfully, Hanne decided to return to the branch in Aceid. It seemed there wasn’t so great a distance between there and Toragay. She really ought to just talk the president into letting her visit again for a more official press coverage–that was her line of thought.

But what Hanne received upon returning to the company and entering the company president’s room was a far different command than she’d expected.

.

Hanne Lorre; the aforenamed reporter is ordered to return to the Freezis Foundation main headquarters.

.

So read the scrap of paper that she was handed by the president

“…What wrong have you committed?” His expression looked both angry, and a little afraid of something. “It’s not a small matter to have a summons from the foundation headquarters. And there’s more. Look at the bottom right of the page. That’s the signature of the chief minister—Commander Freezis. In other words, he’s asking for you personally.”

“Yeah…looks that way.”

The fact that Hanne didn’t seem all that nervous seemed to madden the president all the more.

“There is no ‘looks that way’! It might not be for me to know what will happen, but if you keep this up there’s a chance that this company in its entirety will be blown away! And my position too—augh…”

And there he clutched his head and hung it miserably.

He was the company president, but he was second generation, having inherited the position from his father, and so wasn’t one who held a lot of value yet within the foundation. Apparently he was dealing with some pressure regarding the newspaper’s sluggish sales. He wanted to avoid angering the main foundation more than anything.

He asked Hanne again, “What in the world did you do!?”

Despite his questioning, Hanne had no recollection of what she could have done–or, rather, there was so much she’d done that she had no clue what among her deeds she could say was the reason.

Close-mouthed, she shrugged her shoulders.

“Well, I guess I’ll just have to go and hear what he has to say for himself. Since the specifics aren’t written in the letter.”

“You really should stop meddling…Aren’t you afraid of losing your job?”

Hanne didn’t really mind, whatever happened would happen; but as she figured that would just be throwing more fuel on the fire she merely kept quiet, bowed, and left the president’s room.

Apparently almost all of the people in the company were out, and so Moritz was putting together an article alone at his desk.

"Heading out again, Hanne?”

“Yeah, going to Marlon for a bit.”

“That’s pretty far. Well, take care…And wash your hair. It smells.”

It does? Hanne thought, scratching her scalp.

She’d considered going back to her place temporarily and taking a bath, but when she thought about having to do her laundry and get dressed afterwards it was just too much bother. She decided to just head straight to the port as-is.
