Hanne arrived in the Freezis Foundation headquarters in Marlon’s capital city of Bariti about forty-eight hours later.

The building, standing along the middle of the Methis river, was second in size only to Marlon Castle, the home of the king. She’d first seen it about ten years before—it had just been newly constructed, and while at the time it had been a little smaller, as the years passed by it was remodeled again and again, and little by little its scale grew larger and larger. With the influence of the foundation now, perhaps a time when it eclipsed Marlon Castle in size wasn’t far off.

The one to greet Hanne as she was imagining the fate of the foundation was the chief minister’s close aide, Bruno.

“…Thank you for coming. The minister is waiting, let’s go.”

He didn’t sound much like he was welcoming Hanne. There wasn’t any real need to concern herself over it. He was always like that. He didn’t think very well of Hanne coming into direct contact with the minister.

“Here is my strict advice for you.” When they started to walk along the hallway, heading for the chief minister’s room, Bruno spoke to Hanne. “There are others with the chief minister. You must address him as one of his subordinates. And above all you must not speak of the fact that you—are his great granddaughter.”

“I understand. I’m sure you have no wish for a needless quarrel over successorship, Sir Bruno.”

“I pray you feel the same. Heidamarie as well…Though I am not terribly worried about her; she is quite taciturn, and seems to have little desire for material wealth.”

“Oh, how awful of you. You make it sound like I’m a greedy blabbermouth.”

“That is not my intention, I only—We’re here. Let us end this conversation now.”

Bruno knocked on the chief minister’s room.

“Beg pardon, commander. Hanne Lorre has arrived.”

After a moment, they heard a hoarse voice say “Come in” from the other side of the door. Bruno responded by opening the door and entering the room with Hanne.

The chief minister was in bed. He was sitting up, looking their way. There were two steward women by his side.

“So good of you to arrive, Miss Hanne. Come, please sit here.”

The politeness of the chief minister’s manner of speech, being the highest-ranking member of the foundation as he was, was not to stand on formality with her. He always spoke that way to everyone. Whether speaking to a king or a beggar, his way of address was still the same–perhaps the reason he had been able to make the Freezis Foundation as big as it was lay somewhere in that personality of his.

“I’m sorry I haven’t written in a while. Commander Shaw Freezis.”

It had been about one year since Hanne had seen him last.

“Are you in good health?” she asked him, sitting down in the seat prepared for her.

“Not in the least. When you get to be one hundred and sixteen…oh…One hundred and seventeen? No, maybe it was one hundred and fifteen? Ha ha ha, I can’t even remember how old I am,” he laughed feebly. Thinking on his age, it was miraculous that he was alive at all. “My being able to live like this is thanks to the divine protection of God. I must do something to repay that. My calling you here today is—for that purpose, to sum up.”

After saying that, the chief minister glanced slowly to his left and right.

“…Should I clear out the room?”

It seemed he was worried about other people overhearing their conversation.

Hanne shook her head.

“I don’t really mind. And I gather that Sir Bruno would rather not let us talk just the two of us.” She could hear the sound of a tongue clicking behind her. Hanne continued speaking, not paying it any mind. “—Have you found ‘it’?”

“Yes, ‘that’. …Thinking on it, all the chaos that I experienced when I was young—it was all caused by ‘that’. Though I didn’t figure that out until I was long into adulthood. In that respect I have a connection to ‘it’. I must take revenge…on the thing that drove mad the lives of my mother and father.”

“I can guess. I’m here to fulfill that wish. If you have anything you want me to do, you need only ask.”

“I’m grateful to hear you say that. …The thing I’m searching for is in ‘Toragay’. You must head there.”

“Toragay!? Toragay in Elphegort?”

Hanne looked a little taken aback, not expecting that name to come forward.

“Oh, does this mean you’ve got something on it already?”

“Yeah, on a different case…No, I see. When I think about it now, it’s only natural. I wish I’d realized sooner that ‘that’ was involved…I should have…”

“Could you tell me what it is?”

“—The other day I discovered that the marquis governing the town of Toragay, Kaspar Blankenheim, had passed on. According to his father in law, a doctor, it was a result of illness—but I don’t believe that.”

“So in other words, you think he was murdered by someone—there’s a chance it’s a case to investigate?”

“Yes. I haven’t gotten any clues yet, so I can only theorize at this stage…”

“But that means that you do have something to theorize.”

Hanne nodded. “I believe it might be the same matter as the ‘accidents’ and ‘rules’ that the late Yukina Freezis wrote of in her journal.”

“Ho ho, I see…But if you were already at Toragay, I suppose that means it was a waste of time to call you all the way out here like this.”

“No, not at all…There is some information I wanted from you, now.”

“’The most important thing for a merchant is information’—that was my father’s favorite phrase. Very well. Then I will tell you all the information I have at my disposal. First…the criminal organization ‘Pere Noel’, which has been causing havoc in the world lately. They have secretly been involved with the town of Toragay—did you know about that?”

“Yes…But according to my investigation, the chances are very high that their leader was none other than the deceased Kaspar Blankenheim. If so, then ‘Pere Noel’ has already lost their leader—”

“Oh?” The chief minister nodded several times as though impressed. “You’ve found this all out rather fast. However, there is one point that I’m not of the same opinion about.”

“Which is?”

“The idea that the leader of Pere Noel is this man named Kaspar—That conflicts with my own information. I have a different person suspected as the lea—cough, cough.”

The minister started to rapidly cough. Bruno flusteredly ran to his side.

“You’re putting a strain on your body. That’s enough for today.”

But he waved off Bruno’s hand. “Don’t mind me. This is what an old man like me lives for. On the contrary, putting a stop to me would put me in worse health–Let’s continue, Miss Hanne. My own research has picked up on a certain woman as their leader.”

“A woman?”

“Yes, and this woman has been witnessed periodically entering Toragay. It seems she is self-styled as a ‘sorceress’.”

“‘Sorceress’…”

Hanne’s back ran with cold sweat.

“In this day and age, anyone calling themselves that would just be treated as a charlatan or insane person. But yet she is using the title of sorceress.”

“Her name—What name is she going by?”

“—Elluka Clockworker—”

When that name reached her ears, Hanne’s eyes opened wide.

The chief minister continued speaking, putting emphasis in his words. “You know what that means, don’t you?”

“Y-yeah…”

“Whether she is genuine or not, I must…no, we must ascertain the truth. Of course I will have my World Police move on this matter—I wouldn’t mind putting them under your command, if you wish.”

“But that…would stir up needless animosity, wouldn’t it?”

As she spoke, Hanne gave a quick glance towards Bruno’s face.

…He was making a very openly sour expression.

But the chief minister shook his head, smirking.

“I won’t be living much longer anyhow. To the last I am getting my way as befitting the top of the organization. There’s no need for you to concern yourself about that.”

It happened many years ago, but the chief minister had promised Hanne limitless economic aid, once. It was an expression of his affection for her, but it also resulted in inviting great criticism from other members of the foundation, starting with Bruno. There were few people who knew of the trouble from back then around now, but they weren’t all gone yet.

So even now, Hanne hid her status and spent her time as a mere newspaper reporter.

Even so, it seemed the minister no longer cared about those circumstances.

“If you have the chance I’d like to have you involve in the investigation Miss Heidamarie…your little sister; although, it seems she’s working on another case at the moment. Once that’s all wrapped up, I’ll have her head for Toragay.”

“I’m much obliged for the thought–Well, I’ll make sure to do that when I need her. But, for now at least…I’d like to work on this on my own. Launching into this large-scale while I have no evidence might not turn out so well.”

“I see, if that’s how you feel…Very well; you must find this ‘Elluka Clockworker’ by any means necessary. Though I doubt you’ll be able to catch her so easily…But if anyone’s able to accomplish this, I’m sure it’s you.”

“…As you wish.”

“—Cough…I guess we’ve been talking too long. I think I shall rest a little now.”

“Yeah, get yourself some sleep.”

One of the stewards handed some sort of tablet to the chief minister, and after swallowing it he lay down in bed.

“Well then—”

Hanne bowed once and left the room.

Bruno followed after her. The whole time Hanne and the minister had been talking he had seemed displeased, and that hadn’t changed now.

“…He trusts in you a great deal.” Hanne couldn’t tell if that was intended as praise or sarcasm. “You understand? I know what the minister said, but I must urge you not to—"

“I know. I won’t be recklessly abusing the authority of the foundation. And, naturally—I won’t tell anyone I’m his great-granddaughter.”

“…Good.”

She knew. The more people got wrapped up in this—

The more casualties there would be.
