I don’t know if it was really out of my own will, or a result of a gentle brainwashing done by those around me, starting with my father. My ability to form judgments as a child was, after all, little more than an immature and fluid thing. Even so I fell in love with him, honestly and sincerely, as though it were only natural. There was so much that I didn’t know, and he taught me many things. How to catch the Bergen insect, how to easily climb up large trees, how to play swernkuche, that the water of Abel lake is very beautiful, how to hold hands, how to kiss– Even now, I still treasure the wooden ring he presented to me. When he said “Let’s get married when we’re grown up”, I had no reason to refuse. And finally, that became a reality. That had been my father’s goal in having us meet, originally. My father wanted influence. Or to be more accurate, he wanted to reclaim our family’s lapsed authority. For that, it became necessary that I be married to the son of the Blankenheim family, the lords of this town. The Blankenheim family had their own reasons too. What they wanted was the Felix family’s fortune of two thousand and nine million Ev. I supposed that both families wanted to mutually obtain power by status and shared assets. That became a reality, and I became his wife. Margarita Felix became Margarita Blankenheim. And I became happy. Yes, surely, maybe, I must have. But it seemed like that wasn’t the case for him. While for me there was no one but him, for him I was just one of several candidates. Finally he chose me—or rather, to be accurate it was just the Felix fortune that he chose. He had completely forgotten that promise and that wooden ring. I suppose he’d done the same thing with other girls. Immediately after we were wed and onwards, he grew uncomfortable with me. Because he had realized that I’m a woman who doesn’t sleep. Before I knew it, I wasn’t lying in the same bed with him. Other women would go lie with him in my place. There were several women who had done that, and he gave them all lots of money, allowing them to live in luxury. He himself was also using a lot of money. All of that money originally belonged to the Felix family. Even so, I was happy. I was fine as long as I could be by his side. Even if I can’t sleep, even if he spends all his time with other woman, I’m happy. Around the time our fortune had all but dried up, there was a new woman who had begun to start coming and going from our residence. That was Elluka Clockworker.
