Arth took refuge inside the palace with everyone who had been nearby.

It was a spur of the moment action, but it appeared to be a fairly correct decision.

“We should be able to hold out here for a little while.”

“…But there’s no guarantee we’ll remain safe here,” Anne replied, remaining calm even as she listened to the illusory palace creak.

Someone staggered as they came down the stairs.

“Miss Lily!”
Yukina went to go greet her, supporting her by the shoulder as she walked her over to Arth and the others.

“Looks like you’ve been through an ordeal, young miss Muchet.”

“I’m sorry I couldn’t be much use, Your Majesty. …What is that box?”

“Not sure…But we figure it’s the ‘method for erasing souls’ that Mariam was talking about. Judging by the fact that its effect seems weaker against this palace—an imaginary object that souls have created—”

“So it really is a weapon that specializes in the erasure of souls. I wonder what’ll come first, the destruction of the palace or the abatement of the box’s power…”

“Nothing’s going to get resolved from wishing. We have to do something about it…”

But there was no one who could make any suggestion to the king on how.

“…”

Despair.

The word that Arth hated the most.

But he couldn’t think of any other phrase that could convey their current situation.

Is there…is there nothing we can do!?

.

“—My my, look at the man who was king of Lucifenia of all people making such a timid expression.”

Everyone present turned to look toward the voice they could hear from the entrance.

The first to give a cry of surprise was Yukina. “M-miss Gumillia!?”
But the other woman shook her head.

“…No. It’s just an accidental resemblance?”

“B-but, even so you look just like her—”

“In this world, people who resemble each other come in threes.” Then she briskly walked up to Arth. “King, don’t lose hope. The more agitated everyone becomes, the faster the palace will be destroyed.”

“…What’s the meaning of this?”

“The palace has taken shape by the imagination of everyone here. If their will wavers then naturally—"

“I’m not asking about that! I want to know why your appearance has changed.”

An expression of shock came to her face at those words. “–! You—know my identity…”

“Though it sounds like I’m the only one who’s realized.”

“Looks that way…But please, call me ‘Nemesis’ for right now. I want to avoid riling everyone up any further.”

“Alright. Well then—Nemesis. Do you have some idea?”

“I do. Just leave everything to me now. I shall safely put a stop to that box.”

“…Then I will rely on you. Try not to do anything rash.”
Nemesis nodded and then walked past Arth.

–She was heading for the roof of the palace.

.

The force of the “Blackbox” had not grown weaker, the black vortex continuing to spread.

The box itself had gotten quite close to the palace.

Nemesis looked upon it with an air of composure.

At this range…it should connect.

The “Blackbox” could make use of a power that was unrivaled when it came to souls.

However, when it came to a soul like Nemesis, protected by a physical body—a “spirit cage”—it had no effect.

That “black box” wasn’t a weapon to start with.

It’s simply a device for use in experiments. It’s delicate equipment.

Kyle had been unable to destroy the box.

A monster making use of the power of the “Demon of Pride” was without a doubt the strongest around—but ultimately he was nothing more than a soul himself.

I’ve come to know…quite a bit about that box, and the rules of this world.

It was true that even if one was a soul, they could still touch physical objects, and have an effect on them.

But it seemed this had limits.

If a soul were to attack an item or person that actually existed, their power level was reduced dramatically.

I was never really the type to play computer games, but…
Nemesis recalled a conversation she had once exchanged with a friend long, long ago.

.

“—Ah, that’s not right, Miss Barisol. Magic doesn’t work on that guy.”

“…Hey. Do I have to keep doing this? I want to get back to my research soon.”

“You need to take a breather every once in a while. Play a game, even.”

“…Feels like I’m getting more stressed, not less.”

“Anyway, the cyclops has a magic resistance of 90%, so you’ve gotta attack him with physics.”

“I don’t get this. How can such a puny man as the protagonist have any effect on such an enormous monster just by swinging a sword around?”

“It’s a game.”

“Sigh…”

“You should learn the combat system of this game first, Miss Barisol. Generally attacks on things with opposite attributes doesn’t work in this. Use physics for physics, and magic for magic!”

“Alright alright, I got it…Miss Hazuki—"

.

Evillious, Lucifenia, Elphegort—

All of these names had been given by Hazuki.

She had said that they were names that featured in her favorite game.
If this is like the “Blackbox” that I know, then its structure should be largely unchanged. The frailest point in it that’s the easiest to break should be…”

Nemesis readied her gun.

The bullets were loaded.

But she only had five shots left. She didn’t have any spares.

She couldn’t waste a single one.

An eye for an eye, a tooth for a tooth…

She carefully set her aim.

She aligned her sight towards a gap in the box…a place where wiring could faintly be seen.

…Physics for physics!

As she cried that out in her mind, she pulled the trigger.

.

The tremors in the palace stopped.

Upon seeing that, Arth looked up to the ceiling.

–Did you succeed, Elluka!?

Yukina ran to the window, and immediately let out a cheer.

“…She did it! The box is falling to the ground!”

.
Allen looked on in amazement as the box ceased functioning and started to fall, shooting out fireworks.

–But he quickly regained himself and shouted at everyone, “Fall back! It’s heading this way!”

Germaine and the others heeded his words and started to run in the opposite direction from the box.

A few seconds later—

.

BOOOM!

.

With an enormous thud, the box crashed to the ground.

“…There was no need to get so worked up,” Leonhart muttered, turning around. The box had landed farther away than they’d anticipated, as though it had changed course mid-fall.

They all decided to watch it for a little while, to be on guard against any explosions.

“—It’s over,” Mariam said to Allen, her expression one of great suffering.

“Yeah. But…at the cost of a lot of victims.”

“…I wonder what happened to the people who were sucked up into the box?”

“Nemesis said that the ‘Blackbox’ might have the function to shift souls to an alternate dimension.”

“Nemesis?”

“Ah, erm…I mean Elluka. Some things have happened, and that’s the name she’s going by now.”

“–! Where is she now–?”

“She came to the battleground with me. I’m positive that she’s the one who brought the box down just now.”

“I see…Then well done, Elluka,” Mariam whispered earnestly.

But then her expression immediately grew grave again.

“If it can move them to another dimension, then that means—”

“…We may never see them again…”

.

The battle had ended in favor of the improvised Lucifenian army.

But the souls that had been swallowed up by the dreadful box would never return…

.

…Or so they thought.

.

“Heeey, yannow!”

They could hear a careless shout from the direction of the box.

Everyone there immediately knew who it was from.

“Chartette!”

Germaine broke into a run, and others followed suit.

–Chartette was walking towards them, supporting a once again human Kyle on her shoulder.
