Riliane, Clarith, and Marie arrived at the island of Marlon.

There they met with the inheritor of the great land god, Michaela.

“…”
Riliane wordlessly looked over at the three animals gathered around Michaela.

A ram, a fish, and an owl.

“…So, demons all have animal forms. I didn’t know that before.”

The ram—the “Demon of Lust” stepped forward, and replied, “These aren’t our real bodies. We’ve just come to take animal forms every now and then after our second advent in this world.”

“Oh, hm. …But there aren’t enough of you. Aren’t there supposed to be seven ‘Demons of Deadly Sin’?”

“Technically, there are ‘six’. The ‘Sleep Princess’ just slipped in among us. …Though her power is apparently along the same levels as the rest of us.”

“Then where are the other demons?”

“The ‘Demon of Gluttony’ Vlad is…no more. He was eaten and taken in by the woman named Banica. And the other one left is acting alongside the ‘Master of the Hellish Yard’.”

“Ah, I see. So they’re just not here right now, anyway. –Oh well. Marie told me that you guys would be able to defeat the ‘Sleep Princess’?”

The ram glared at Marie for a moment, and then turned once more to Riliane. “—It’s not that we don’t know how. But we have no obligation to help you, you see.”

“You’re pretty cheeky for a sheep.”

“Shut your mouth. If you weren’t a woman I’d tear you to pieces.”
Someone moved to butt in between them as they each radiated a threatening atmosphere.

It was the fish with legs—the “Demon of Envy”.

“Calm down…You ought to compose yourself a bit more, Gilles. Whatever the case may be, it’s true that we can’t just let the ‘Sleep Princess’ go on unopposed.”

Riliane peered at the fish’s form with great interest.

“Are you auntie Rahab?”

“…’Auntie’?”

As one might expect, Riliane faltered at the sudden sharp gleam in her eyes.

“Uh, um…Marie called you that.”

“I see…Marie. Let’s have a little talk after this.”

Growing frightened, Marie hid herself in Clarith’s bosom.

“Well, let’s leave that be for now—Riliane. If you say you want to deal with the ‘Sleep Princess’…Then you should borrow the ‘Clockworker’s Doll’ from Michaela. Imprison her within it.”

Rahab shifted her gaze to Michaela.

Michaela nodded, and brought out the doll.

It was a very familiar item for Riliane.

“…That’s the ‘Doll Director’ that Gallerian was convinced was his daughter.”

Michaela handed it to Riliane, explaining, “Now it’s an empty shell. The soul and the doll apparently became separated when the theater was temporarily destroyed by ‘Punishment’. At that time, all of the demons here—were released from Ma.”
“Ma…Hey, Michaela. There’s a few things I want to confirm with you.”

“Go ahead. Ask me anything you like.”

“This ‘Sleep Princess’ you all keep mentioning. Is that…not the same person as the ‘Doll Director’?”

“No, it’s a different person. The soul of the ‘Doll Director’ is probably in that theater right now. As for the ‘Sleep Princess’—She apparently was moved elsewhere after putting the souls of Lucifenia to sleep. I can’t tell where she is now. …Anything else?”

“Is Ma—dead? Where is her soul now?”

“That…I don’t know. We’ve been searching for her all this while, but…”

Even a great land god couldn’t know everything.

“Well then, one last question. Michaela, do you still…hate me, even now?”

“That—”

Right as Michaela was about to answer, a new figure appeared there.

There at Riliane’s feet…a woman wearing a mask suddenly floated up through the ground.

“Stage one, is complete,” she said to Michaela, carrying a black-haired woman over her shoulder.

The black-haired woman didn’t so much as twitch.
Is she unconscious? Or else dead—But then, she’s a soul too.

As Riliane was pondering that, the masked woman turned around to look at her.

“…Here you are, Riliane.”

“And who—who are you?”

“I am ‘Master of the Hellish Yard’. I am chasing down the ‘Deadly Sin Contractors’ who escaped to the ground world.” As she spoke, the Master of the Hellish Yard throw down the woman she was carrying to the ground. “A contractor of ‘Sloth’—Prim Marlon. The Tasan soldiers were after her, but thankfully, I got to her first.”

“Wha—this person’s auntie Prim!?”

When she looked at her again, she saw that it was indeed Kyle’s mother Prim.

“But Auntie’s…not moving at all—”

“You cannot kill a soul. So…I stopped, her time.”

“Wh-wha…”

She didn’t understand at all, but she was at least able to glean that this Master of the Hellish Yard had extraordinary abilities.

“What will you—do with Auntie now?”

“Take her to the ‘Hellish Yard’. The proper one below the ground, that is not here.”

And then the Master of the Hellish Yard appeared to be thinking about something as she stared at Riliane.

“Hm. …Yes. –Riliane. You should come too.”
“Huh? Wh-why me?!”

“It is my role to safeguard, the ‘Deadly Sin Contractors’ they are targeting.”

“By ‘they’…you mean the leader of Tasan?”

“…”

The Master of the Hellish Yard peremptorily picked Riliane up.

“W-wait a minute!”

Then in her other hand she picked up Prim—

And slowly started to sink into the ground.

“See you,” the Master of the Hellish Yard gave Michaela her goodbyes.

After Michaela returned a smile to her, she spoke up to Riliane, who was struggling against the Master of the Hellish Yard’s arm. “You take care, Riliane. And—thank you.”

“…?”

“It’s thanks to you taking such good care of me that I grew into such a splendid large tree. So—”

Right then Riliane’s head passed through the ground—

And she could no longer hear Michaela’s voice.
