“Which of the animal presents is the rare one?” Muzuri asked the male cattle hand who happened to be present there the moment he reached the barn.

“H-hah…That one. This is the first time I’ve seen that creepy pig, Master,” the man said, pointing at the pig pen.

Inside the pen they were keeping about twenty pigs of various breeds that lived in the southern regions of the Beelzenian Empire.

The Demilamb pig was the breed most commonly eaten in that area. It was generous in fatty meat but it wasn’t too rich by any measure, and its sleek flesh was a characteristic trait. It also had lovely white fur.

The Shadow Moon pig was a mixed breed from a combination of a species native to Marlon and Demilamb. It had hardly any fur at all. Its greatly reddish meat wasn’t particularly tasty on its own, but processed and assorted with other ingredients its delicious flavor came through.

The Tasan pig with black fur was, to speak plainly, awful and smelly. Going by all of the chefs in the empire, the scent was impossible to work with.

At the same time, its organs were fairly noteworthy. Heart, liver, intestines, stomach…No matter which one you took, they carried a unique deliciousness that you couldn’t taste in the other breeds.

And as for the "rare” one that Muzuri was so interested in–the moment he saw it, he instantly knew what it was.

“Is that—It must be! That’s the ‘Baemu’ pig, isn’t it!?”

“T-the B…Baemu?”

“Good grief, you don’t even know about the Baemu; first Ron, now you, none of you know anything about food.”

That being said, it was actually the first time Muzuri himself had laid eyes on the Baemu.

However, it had deep red fur, almost as though it was covered in fire. And it had two deer-like horns growing from its temple…The oft-rumored “Baemu” pig had features just like that.

The other pigs in the pen were keeping their distance from the Baemu as though they were afraid, or perhaps showing reverence for him–or her.

“Do you know of this red pig, Master?”

“That…is a breed of pig known as the Baemu. It rarely shows itself before humans, and it’s impossible to raise. It’s such a valuable pig that among gourmands it is known as the ‘legendary pig’.”

“Ooh…legendary, huh…I see. I’m impressed, you’re quite knowledgeable, Master.” The cattle hand gazed again at the red pig, nodding several times as though in admiration. “So then, its flavor must be pretty amazing, huh?”

“I don’t know.”

“Huh!?”

“Neither I nor anyone I know has ever actually tasted the Baemu. But there is a tale that the emperor of that one big empire used to love it, and ate it regularly. And it’s also said that as they were excessively hunted to give to him, the pig’s numbers dwindled heavily.”

“Who in the world…would have sent such a rare pig?”

“…That’s the thing. Did the coachman who brought it over say anything on the matter?”

“Apparently he didn’t know either. He said it had been riding in the carriage before he knew it. He figured that there wouldn’t be anything put into the luggage compartment that wasn’t being sent as presents for Lady Banica’s birthday, so he just brought it over with the rest of them.”

“Hmm, I see…”

It was a garbled mess of a story. Muzuri folded his arms, closed his eyes, and thought for a moment.

Then he suddenly opened his eyes and shouted to the heavens, “I’ve got it! This is surely a present from the gods!”

“W-what!?”

“If we don’t know who sent it, then that must mean that a wild Baemu climbed into the luggage area when the coachman wasn’t looking…It’s reasonable to think so. There were other livestock in there, and there was feed set out. Perhaps it was tempted by these things and went in against its better judgment.

"…Would something so convenient simply happen?”

“It’s unthinkable under normal circumstances. That’s why I say it’s a present from the gods! Surely, the gods are celebrating Banica’s birthday–and so they granted me this Baemu as a reward for my regular good deeds. It’s so obvious!”

“…I guess so.”

The cattle hand gave up on refuting that. Once Muzuri had gotten like this, nothing he said would reach him. He knew that well.

“In that case, there’s no need to hold back. We shall gratefully feast on this Baemu tonight!”

“Since it’s such a rare opportunity, it might be best if you treated your honored guests to it during Lady Banica’s debut. Once you do, your social standing will–”

“Absolutely not! I won’t be letting the likes of Earl Vincent and Duke Oruhari have a taste of my long-awaited Baemu! I alone will eat it, and I’ll brag to the others later!”

“Sigh, I guess so.”

Like he thought, the cattle hand wouldn’t be objecting. At the risk of repeating himself, when it came to all things food it was impossible to find any compromise with Muzuri. There was even a chance that if a man like the cattle hand were to give a negative opinion he’d be sacked.

“Alright! Take this Baemu to the kitchens at once!”

Without actually waiting for a reply from the cattle hand, Muzuri next ran for the kitchens, his large belly flabbily swaying along the way.
