It happened the following morning, when the attendant Ron was sweeping the rear garden, unsteady on his feet from a hangover.

It was there that he spied a single man having fallen before the back door that led to the kitchens.

A great deal of blood was flowing from his mouth, and there wasn’t even a twitch of movement on his pale white face.

“H…Head cook, what’s happened to you!? Hold on! Hey, someone, come quickly!”

.

The doctor employed by the Conchita family soon arrived, but what he told Ron was that the head cook was already dead.

With no outside wounds, his cause of death was unknown.

But what immediately came to Ron’s mind when being told of his death was that “Baemu” that he himself had eaten the night before.

Could it be, could that have been the cause…?

It was a very rare pig, one that they had never eaten before. It wasn’t unthinkable that it might have actually had some sort of poison in it.

Ron promptly informed Master Muzuri of this fact. Muzuri was shocked, and his face paled, but when all was said and done, there wasn’t anything they could do about it.

Everyone had already eaten the Baemu.

Everyone in this house aside from Banica, who was still a newborn.

“At—at any rate, have everyone examined by the doctor!”

All of the members of the household received a medical examination as per Muzuri’s instructions, but none of them had anything abnormal about them.

However, if it was some unknown poison then it likely wouldn’t be caught by the doctor’s diagnosis.

“For now we have no choice but to see how things turn out. I’m staying in the mansion for a little while, so if you feel anything strange happen with your bodies, tell me immediately.“

The doctor’s words were vague and flaky, but right now they had no alternative to trusting in him.

However, as the evening passed, Muzuri and the servants began to calm down a little bit more.

It had been a full day since they’d eaten the Baemu, and nothing strange had happened in their own bodies. If the Baemu had carried inside it some sort of toxin, it would be unthinkable to have no one outside of the head cook show any signs of illness.

Surely, the head cook had died by chance, by some hidden chronic disease or something. It was sad in itself, but it probably didn’t have anything to do with the Baemu

Yes, that must be it—

That’s what everyone started to think.
