–That day, Elluka had been waiting for someone to come get her in her room in the castle.

“…Lady Elluka, please right this way.”

Led along by the soldier who eventually arrived, she headed off somewhere.

They were now before the “First Wall” that was at the heart of Alicegrad.

Waiting for her there was Nyoze.

“So you came, Elluka Chirclatia.”

“…”

“I think you already know this, but…I will now have you and Irina enter the LeviaBehemo temple.”

The place they had been forbidden to enter before now.

She’d been told that inside the project head, Seth Twiright, would perform the final examination.

“Irina has already gone in, and is there waiting for you.”

“Will you not come in with me, Senator?”

“No, this is as far as I go. Naturally the soldiers will not be going in either. It’s been decided the examination will be conducted solely under Seth’s observation.”

Nyoze told her that even he didn’t know what the examination would entail.

“…Don’t think that it’s going to be easy on you,” he told Elluka warningly, or perhaps threateningly. “That man, Seth…From what I’ve been able to research, he’s not someone I can put a lot of confidence in.”

“But you have to follow his orders…How sad must be the position of an elderly statesman.”

“I think today is probably the last time I’ll have to hear you give me lip. Whether you become queen…or not.”

Nyoze left the spot without so much as saying goodbye.

The gates opened, and Elluka passed under them alone.

It was the courtyard she had been to before.

And up ahead, there was the temple of LeviaBehemo.

.

–When she entered the temple, she saw Irina from behind, loitering about by herself.

She had…hardly seen her around lately, and they hadn’t had a chance to talk.

“Irina—” Elluka called to her.

“Eek—” Irina backed up slightly as she turned, looking her way with a stiff expression.

She could tell that her body was faintly trembling.

It probably—was not a response to having been addressed so suddenly.

She…was clearly afraid of Elluka.

…I see. So it’s the same with Irina, Elluka surmised.

Irina must have fallen into the same well of fear and suspicion as Elluka.

That the one who killed Ly and Milky…

Must have been “the other queen candidate”.

The fear that someone you adored as family could be a murderer.

No matter how she denied it in her heart, there was no erasing it completely.

“…”

She wanted to put her arms around Irina right then and there.

I’m not a murderer, and neither are you.

It had to have been a result of some political scheming, just like Nyoze said.

…But before Elluka could move, an unfamiliar man’s voice rang through the temple.

“–Welcome, young ladies.”

It was just the voice. Just the voice alone, with no sign of its owner, reached Elluka and Irina’s ears.

“I am sure by now that you need no explanation as to who I am. …I am Seth. Seth Twiright. I am the head of this project, and the most brilliant scientist in the country.”

Elluka raised her voice up to the ceiling. “It is good to meet you, Lord Seth. Though I think I’d like to see your face if it wouldn’t be too much trouble!”

“We’ll meet. Once you become queen. I have no interest in meeting face to face with anyone other than the queen.”

“Then will you be starting the final examination right away?”

“Naturally. We don’t have forever. We must begin everything before it all comes to an end.”

The temple seemed to shudder slightly.

In the next moment, there was a sudden, harsh light.

Elluka closed her eyes without thinking. When she slowly opened them again, something bizarre had already occurred.

“What in…!?”

Irina was standing there just as she had been before.

But—she wasn’t alone.

Two other women had appeared there at some point.

“…You’re alive? Ly!

Milky!

”

Though Elluka called to them, the two didn’t reply.

They only stood there in place with vacant expressions, weapons in hand.

Seth’s voice rang out once more.

“There were four official candidates for queen. Two of them fell by the wayside partway, but in the end I must conduct the examination fairly. So I have temporarily resurrected them! With the power of science! What an amazing thing it is, the power of science! Though I suppose what’s really amazing is rather my own intellect!”

Irina just stared at them in shock, seemingly unable to comprehend what was before her eyes.

Elluka couldn’t hide her agitation either.

Heedless of either of them, Seth continued talking.

“As for the contents of the examination…It’s exceedingly simple. You will each fight and kill each other, and the one who survives will be queen…Easy, yes? The one of you with the most power, the one with magical ability, is sure to win. That’s all.”

“…That’s insane,” Elluka whispered, her expression looking like she’d bit into a lemon.

“It’s survival of the fittest. It’s the providence of nature, Elluka. These primitive methods are the cleanest…That is the opinion of the gods. –Now then, let’s begin this final survival!”

Despite Seth’s instigation, Elluka couldn’t bring herself to move.

I’m not some tool. I’m not a puppet.

Just who would comply with some mutual slaughter they didn’t want to do?

–Irina had to be thinking the same thing.

She slowly drew closer to Elluka. Her expression was full of bewilderment and sorrow.

It was clear immediately there wasn’t a hint of murderous intent there.

“Dear sister-in-law…” Irina spoke up to her. “Let’s stop this already. This is all…meaningless.”

“…”

“Ly and Milky, those two…they’re probably just illusions, little more than fakes. We’re the only candidates left.”

“…I guess so.”

“You should be the queen, dear sister-in-law. I know your strength. And…you’re the one my brother chose, after all.”

“Irina…”

Seth began to shout, as though to pour ice water over them in their agreement, “Hey hey, I won’t tolerate anyone being a killjoy by dropping out before it’s done! To begin with…Do you really think that the person who doesn’t become queen will be able to simply leave here alive?”

“Huh?”

Elluka and Irina both looked up at the same time.

“The mystique of the queen must be preserved. The senate isn’t going to just let loose a dropout candidate who knows too much. Waiting for you out there is ‘disposal’…That’s what they’ve always done before now.”
“Then…what should we do!?” Irina cried out, her body once more beginning to tremble in distress.

…

.

I must protect her.

I must protect this girl.

Kiril’s…and mine…

Precious little sister.

.

With determination in her chest, Elluka embraced Irina.

“Dear…sister-in-law?”

“Thank you, Irina…You’re safe, I won’t let you die—I’ll protect you. As queen, I…will protect you from everything else.”

.

Yes…

As long as I become queen, I have the most political power in the country.

Not even the senate or Seth will be able to oppose me.
I’m sure I can do it.

I’ll protect you.

No matter what.

I will protect this he—

.

…

……

………Huh?

.

Why?
