Nyoze wasn’t the type to have a deep loyalty towards his country.

But he did love the people who lived in it more than anyone.

Peace, and freedom…Those were things that he sought, but it seemed that for a time he was going to be leading a life quite separate from both.

He entered the castle’s courtyard.

Here, where people rarely stopped to visit, was the perfect place to catch his breath.

Hmm…

He could smell the scent of alcohol wafting through the air around him.

Did Elluka get lost in here? No…That can’t be.

The door that led in here was always kept locked, and only members of the senate had the key to it.

…Though there was always the possibility that Elluka had borrowed the key from another senator.

When he tracked down the source of the smell, he finally arrived at a corner of the courtyard.

There he found…a single cat, soundly sleeping away.

A cat that smells like alcohol…How odd. And how did it get in here to begin with?

Nyoze reached out a hand to touch the cat, but in the next moment he noticed a different animal there as well, and quickly withdrew his hand.

Oops.

It was a snake. A snake was fixedly staring at Nyoze from beside the sleeping cat, flicking its tongue out.

As though it were protecting the cat.

He didn’t know if it was venomous or not, but whatever the case Nyoze was not overly fond of snakes, and so decided not to bother it any further.

…Ah well, it isn’t that big of a deal.

The sun had sunken down quite a bit.

Nyoze started to head for the door, figuring he ought to be getting back soon.

That was when something cold touched his cheek.

When he looked up, he saw that white things were falling from the sky.

…Snow.

It’s that season already, is it?

After watching the snow fall for a moment, Nyoze soon returned back inside the castle.

.

He didn’t much care for snow.

For some reason, whenever he looked at it, he would feel a little sad.
