–This is the story of someone who achieved a glorious ‘revenge’-

.

…That’s how I might sum up this story in one sentence.

Although well, if everyone were able to say, “vengeance is worthless, let’s look toward the future instead”, the world would become a more peaceful place. The fact that this doesn’t work out is just the nature of human beings, and I think a life that doesn’t have any anger in it at all would be wearisome in itself.

The name of the main character in this one is taken from the name of the Greek goddess “Nemesis”. Though I made a pretty big mistake—Nemesis isn’t the god of “revenge”, she’s the god of “righteous retribution”. Well, I’m only just borrowing the name, and I wound up making the novel have both motifs anyway.

As far as the contents while the novel is mainly based on the story depicted in the songs “Muzzle of Nemesis” and “the Last Revolver”, it does have a few things added onto it. I was concerned that if I added too much it would jumble up the scenes a little bit, so I included some documents at the end of the book. And this series also has scenes that don’t show up anywhere except in messages given for purchase and in a CD short story, so it also has the dual purpose of supplementing for those who haven’t read them. Well, even if you don’t read them the story (should) be composed in such a way that you can understand it by the book alone.

And even if you don’t understand, please don’t get mad at me.

“Anger” is “evil”.

.

In the previous work’s afterward I recall writing something like “I’ll wrap up all the foreshadowing in the next work”, but it seems that didn’t go as planned after all. I even think I increased the amount of foreshadowing, in fact.

Well, please don’t get mad. After all I (plan) to wrap them up in the next one.

For when all is said and done, it is the “last” one.

Yes. This long series will finally meet its conclusion with the next work.

…And yet, there is no song to base it off of.

So I’ll make one.

Maybe I’ll make the title…”master of the heavenly yard (tentatively)”. Though I don’t know whether I’ll release the song or the novel first.

The world that was destroyed—what sort of fate awaits it at the other side?

Look forward to it!

.

AkunoP (mothy)
