Several hours after Elluka left.

A new visitor appeared at Held’s side.

“Oh ho, my my. Someone so much more novel than just before has come to me.”

Just like Elluka, the man who stood at the end of Held’s gaze was garbed in a black robe.

But the person Held was talking to was not the man, but rather the red cat on his right shoulder.

“What are you here for? Irina Clockworker.”

“It has been quite some time since I’ve been called by that name. I now go by AB-CIR,” the red cat said, hopping down from the man’s shoulder. When it did, the man tumbled to the ground as though his soul had been drawn out.

“Phew. It’s quite difficult to puppeteer a male body.”

“Now that you mention it, this is the first time I’ve seen you not dwelling in a woman. Have you had some change in your mental state?”

“Not at all. My circumstances just made it unavoidable.”

“Ho, what sort of circumstances?”

“…I’ve no obligation to tell you, and I didn’t come here today to chat about something like that,” the red cat said, scratching Held’s face with her claws.

“That doesn’t hurt me…but I’d ask that you stop damaging my trunk.”

“Then tell me, old man. Where is Elluka now?”

“You, who has up until now only continued to run from Elluka…again, how novel.”

“It seems the bitch has started meddling with one of my pawns. If I can I’d like to take her back.”

“If I said that I won’t tell you–what would you do? Would you burn me down with some spell?”

Held was speaking as though to provoke the red cat, but his tone was as calm and low as it had ever been.

“Hmph. Even if I burned your tree body, that wouldn’t kill you.”

“That’s true. On the other hand, while I inhabit this tree I cannot lay a hand to you. Though I know you are an ‘HER’, and that you have the 'Vessels of Deadly Sin’, I can’t do a thing about it.”

“And if you were to lose your tree body?”

“I would stop existing in this world. But right before that, for just a moment, I would be able to employ my powers as a god. In that second, maybe I would be able to make all of you, including your soul, vanish away.”

“I’d ask your pardon, then.”

Though despite saying so, the red cat then started to claw at Held’s face with both of her paws.

“So then stop scratching my trunk.”

“I have one more question. I know that you can’t do anything about me directly. But why have you not told Elluka of my existence? The extermination of 'HER’ and the 'Vessels of Deadly Sin’–that’s your goal, isn’t it?”

“I can’t afford to let you and Elluka meet.”

“Ha. Are you afraid of contact between Elluka and an 'HER’? You’re joking. Then why are you having Elluka search for the 'Vessels of Deadly Sin’? As long as she’s chasing after them she’s bound to run into plenty of 'HER’s that are contracted with the 'Demons of Deadly Sin’, isn’t she?”

“It’s not that you’re an 'HER’. I want to keep you and Elluka from meeting.”

“Whatever your expectations, when the time comes I intend to approach her myself. And then I will steal both her body, and both of them which lie dormant in her soul!”

“Then does that mean you don’t plan to meet her now?”

“Didn’t I tell you? I just want to get back my pawn. As long as I know her whereabouts, I can just order other pawns to recover her later. Despite appearances I am quite the busy person–so tell me! Where is Elluka!?”

The cat began to furiously scratch at Held’s face.

“Oh dear, it’s going to take some time before my bark will regenerate.”

“Ha ha…the oaf I’ve started serving recently makes a pastime of 'torture’, so I thought I’d try it once myself. So spit it out! It’ll be easier on you once you talk, yes? Hm?”

.

The red cat’s assault with her claws lasted on for several minutes, but in the end Held refused to reveal Elluka’s location.

“Huff…Huff…Tight-lipped old god…Nothing for it, looks like I’ll have to give up for today.”

Defeated, the red cat poked the man’s shoulder with her head, and he woke up, eyes opening. Then she hopped on his shoulders and returned home.
