The Beelzenian Empire’s capital of Rucolebeni was situated directly north of what was once the Conchita territory.

Even further north past Rucolebeni, up to the Babul Desert, was the “Beelzenias region” where the imperial family directly governed. As it stood then, the family was also governing the region that had once belonged to the Conchita family.

If you went even further north from the Babul Desert, you would be in a different country entirely–Asmodean.

Asmodean was once a territory of Beelzenia, but around one hundred years ago it achieved independence thanks to a rebellion instigated by the Donald family, who managed the region.

The Donald family became one of the “Five Dukes” in the place of the Venomania family which lost its standing one hundred and eighty years ago, but they had always criticized the military condition of Beelzenia as being a “weak and undisciplined thing”, and continued to request that the imperial family broaden its military power towards unifying the mainland. But when they saw that would not be granted, they started a revolt and pushed for Asmodean’s independence, battling with Beelzenia. During this conflict Gastolle of the Five Dukes perished in combat, and the western part of the Re Tasan territory that he managed was incorporated into the empire’s Tasan territory.

The one newly appointed as lord of the remaining eastern part of the Re Tasan territory was the Conchita family head Marquis Tettipea Conchita. After that he obtained the title of Duke, and was counted as one of the Five Dukes.

After Tettipea’s death, his son Tasute inherited his role as lord, and received permission from the imperial family to rename his dominion the “Conchita Territory”.

Muzuri was next to take over after Tasute, and Banica was born between him and the Elphegort noble Megour Glassred.

Though despite phrase “Five Dukes”, as the Donald family had already estranged itself, in actuality there were only four families who had been given that title. And one among them was currently without any land to rule over–the name of “Five Dukes” and the authority that came with it was becoming a mere shell of what it once was.
