Once one advanced northeast through Rucolebeni’s town center, there was the imperial castle where the Beelzenian imperial family lived.

After her mother died and her father was deprived of his territory, Banica had been left in the care of the castle for a time.

Empress Juno was a somewhat chatty but very compassionate woman, and took pity on Banica’s plight, almost trying to have her adopted into her own family. Though, that notion had been decried by all around her, and Banica herself had no desire to cast aside her own father like that, so in the end it fizzled out.

Even so, Juno was always considerate to Banica. Her scheming up the engagement between her and the Marlon royal family had as well been done solely out of a desire to see her happy.

When she heard that Banica was going on a journey Juno had been worried for her, but gave no opposition. That was because she figured that it was something Banica had decided on for herself, and so it would be uncouth to interject.

Juno believed that the trip would make Banica stronger. And she could confirm that that way of thinking had not at all been mistaken, once she saw Banica for herself, having returned from her trip.

“How are you, Banica? You’ve gotten much bigger,” Juno said first to Banica. There were two meanings to what she said, but Banica herself probably only read one of them into it.

“And your body is as big as it ever was, Empress Juno,” she remarked back.

As this was their way of greeting each other, Juno took no umbrage at her words.

“Did you have trouble getting your clothing tailored in other countries?”

“There are tailors who can make clothing for fat women in every country.”

Certainly the clothing that Banica was wearing now was different than when she had started on her trip. She had had it newly made in one of the places she visited.

“Oh, I see. Thank goodness for that. Whereabouts did you go in particular?”

“On the mainland I went to Elphegort, Asmodean, and Levianta.”

“My my. Elphegort and Levianta aside, I’m impressed you got into Asmodean.”

Asmodean and Beelzenia were continuing to have little spats to this day. Or rather, Asmodean was continuing to pick fights with not just Beelzenia but all of the other countries around it.

More of a nuisance was the fact that, as Asmodean was set directly to the north of the empire’s capital, the Beelzenias region, they had to have a much higher military presence in the border-dividing Babul desert than any other location.

“As one might expect, I disguised who I was. Both when I crossed the border and the whole time I lived there,” Banica said, uttering a small sigh.

“That’s very prudent. If it got out that you were Beelzenian, and furthermore the daughter of one of the ‘Five Dukes’, Burglar would without a doubt have tried to capture you.”

As far as Juno knew, Asmodean’s current emperor Burglar Donald loved war, and was always searching for something he could use to ignite one. Once captured Banica wouldn’t have been simply let off there.

Banica offered up the name of another place she visited.

“From there I also went to the island of Marlon.”

Her going to the island of Marlon likely meant visited the country of Marlon. Juno’s expression clouded over a little.

“…Did you go see the royal family?”

“No…I couldn’t.”

“I understand…I’m sorry. I shouldn’t have asked–You didn’t go to Lioness then, surely?”

“I did; I was able to slip through the fires of battle somehow and get passage into the country.”

It seemed that Banica had been far more rash than Juno had surmised.

Juno wondered if she should chastise this unprecedented girl, but in the end she figured that she should just be relieved that she was able to come back in one piece.

“Well then, do you feel you’ve expanded your horizons by going so far to visit all these various countries?”

“I do, but first I’d like you to see something–Pollo, bring it out.”

Banica spoke up to one of her retainers standing in preparation behind her. While shooting her a short glare, Pollo brought out a short copper container before Juno. He was a little bit sour, having been forced to come along right as he was about to get eating at the mansion.

“Oh, souvenir?”

Juno peered inside the container. Inside it was filled with water, and a slimy, bizarre eight legged creature was swimming around inside.

“This is…a Ziz Tiama, right?”

Seeing Juno’s calm face as she said that, Banica looked a little surprised.

She had thought that Juno would be surprised on seeing it, or pull a grimace.

“Do you know of it?”

“I do. I’ve mentioned it before, but I have an acquaintance who is a sorceress. I’ve seen her use one before.”

The sorceress that Juno knew called these animals “Very Amazing Octopuses”. She would use them as sacrifices for carrying out rituals, and make rain fall on regions that continued to have droughts. When she was young, Juno had seen it with her own eyes, and come to understand the greatness of magic.

But this octopus was something that could only be caught in the western Hark Sea–the sea that was interposed in the north between Marlon and Levianta. It had been an extremely long time since Juno had seen a Ziz Tiama, as the Beelzenias region was set inland a great distance from the sea.

Banica began to explain the Ziz Tiama.

“They use this as food in Levianta.”

“Really? They eat something so creepy up there?”

Juno only knew of the Ziz Tiama as something that sorcerers used as a sacrifice. As such, she could hardly believe that they could be eaten.

“Indeed. It’s crisp and incredibly delicious.” Banica replied, as though that were obvious.

That meant in other words that Banica had tasted a Ziz Tiama herself.

She’s always been a girl with a self-challenging spirit, full of vim and vigor.

Juno was in admiration, but on the other hand she was also beginning to grow the tiniest bit curious to test for herself what sort of flavor it had.

Though it wasn’t to the degree of Banica, Juno too was a hearty sort. Since the days of their ancestors the Beelzenian imperial family was known for being gourmets. And while there was no guarantee if this was true or not, this reputation was to the point where there was an anecdote that the imperial family’s ancestor had led the “Red Shoe Army” to expand Beelzenia’s territory with the aim of obtaining delicious food from various countries.

As though having guessed Juno’s thoughts or perhaps just deduced it by her behavior, Banica cut in with, “Would you like to eat it?”

“…As is?”

“It is possible to eat it raw, but I recommend that you try it cooked, first.”

“But I fear there aren’t any cooks in Beelzenia who would know how to cook one. Though maybe there are in the Lucifenian territory, which is closer to the northern Hark Sea.”

However, even if it was in the same country, Lucifenia was pretty far away from the Beelzenias region. It would take far too much time to search for such a cook in the Lucifenian territory.

“Don’t worry. I have also properly studied that beforehand–Arte, if you would.”

At Banica’s words, Arte stood up behind her. She was also making a dour expression.

“Lemme use your kitchen,” she bluntly requested of Juno.

“S-sure–Someone please show her there.”

In answer to Juno’s order, one of the guards headed to the kitchen with Arte.

Watching them go, Banica and Juno continued to talk about the Ziz Tiama.

“Though these Ziz Tiama are hunted in Marlon, almost all of them are discarded without being consumed. We have a trade agreement with Marlon, don’t we?”

“That’s true–Surely you’re not saying we buy them from Marlon?”

“Despite having to buy them from Marlon, we can get them for extremely cheap. Beelzenia has contact with a sea on both its south and west sides, but there’s hardly any hunting of aquatic life in the southern crescent moon sea, and we are lacking in variation when it comes to dishes made from different kinds of marine life.”

“But don’t we already have rare fish and lobster imported in from Marlon?”

“Naturally those are important ingredients too. However, it is by employing the use of ingredients that are otherwise wasted that we can bring about greater change to Beelzenia’s food culture.”

“Still…hm.”

After that Banica continued to appeal to the usefulness of taking the Ziz Tiama into Beelzenia’s cuisine, but Juno couldn’t bring herself to nod along with it.

As she did, Arte finished cooking and returned. On top of a deep dish that she carried in her hands was the chopped up Ziz Tiama, swimming in a red sea.

“There were a lot of tomatoes in the pantry, so I cooked the Ziz Tiama with them,” Arte explained.

Tomatoes were a product grown all over Beelzenia. In particular the coast of the Crescent Moon Sea, the Grabia territory; there were so many grown there that there was a tomato eating festival held with the surplus from the tomato harvest every year.

Banica took the plate from Arte and set it before Juno.

“Tomatoes are grown a great deal in Levianta too. I was thinking that this "smothered Ziz Tiama” would be most appropriate if we were going to utilized Ziz Tiama in Beelzenia.“

”'Smothered Ziz Tiama'…Is that the name of this dish?“

"Yes. By all means please, try some.”

Juno peered at the plate.

She had to hand it to her, it was far less grotesque than when it had been alive. And since it was swamped in tomato soup she felt hardly any repulsion towards its appearance.

Juno picked up a single piece of the Ziz Tiama with her fork and timidly brought it to her mouth.

“…My my. It’s certainly delicious. And it has a texture I’ve never experienced up until now.”

It was light in flavor but different from white fish. It was elastic but different from lobster.

For Juno it was an entirely new eating experience.

“The Ziz Tiama is fairly ghastly to look at, so the people of Beelzenia might reject it at first. But I figure once they know how good it tastes, they’ll immediately accept it.”

Banica insisted, full of self-confidence.

She had concluded that much. It was a solid fact that it was delicious, so Juno began to reconsider that she might hear what she had to say.

“Alright, alright. I’ll consider importing Ziz Tiama. Marlon won’t be too displeased about it either…I’ve gotten a little thirsty for some wine.”

Juno had been thinking that this “smothered Ziz Tiama” might serve well as a snack with drinks. Normally she would pair a white wine with animals caught in the sea, but this dish was made with considerably dense flavor, so perhaps a red wine would be better.

“You over there. Please bring us a 'Yatski l'Opera’,” Juno ordered. She had intended to give the instruction to Arte, but Arte made not even the slightest movement from where she stood, pretending not to hear. Seeing that, one of the guards made a snap judgment and hurriedly raced to the wine cellar.

After lightly pushing Arte’s head, Banica shifted the topic of conversation to the wine Juno selected.

“The 'Yatski l'Opera’, huh? That’s an Elphegort red wine.”

“It is. When it comes to flavor, nothing can beat Elphegort. It’s unfortunate but the flavor of wines made in Beelzenia are frankly lacking. You made it to Elphegort, didn’t you Banica? Did you drink any Yatski l'Opera from the source?”

“Yes. It’s a wine with an exceptional flavor, both full-bodied and with a certain spiciness. By the by–speaking of Yatski l'Opera, I was able to get my hands on something special in Elphegort.”

Banica once more gestured to Pollo. He brought out a sapling growing in a flower pot.

“Is that…!?”

Juno dropped her gaze to the sapling while taking the wineglass filled with Yatski l'Opera that the guard brought her.

“It’s a 'Trauben’ sapling. Yatski l'Opera is made using the fruits that grow from it.”

“…This isn’t just a souvenir, is it?”

It seemed that Juno had already guessed what Banica was thinking.

“Yeah. I would also like to grow a Trauben field in Beelzenia.”

“But our climate is different than that of Elphegort; would that really go well?”

“Don’t worry. If I regulate it well enough, I’m confident they can be brought up in Beelzenia too.”

“Not only that but even if you manage to obtain the main ingredients, you won’t be able to make Yatski l'Opera without knowing its process.”

“I’ve studied the manufacturing method too–and my goal is not to recreate Yatski l'Opera. It is to create a wine that exceeds it!”

She could feel Banica’s strong determination from her words.

It seems she didn’t just goof around the entire time she was on her journey.

No matter where she directed it, Banica’s strength was something quite welcome to Juno.

Though Juno herself was an exception, in Beelzenia men still held a higher position than women, generally speaking. Women were still seen as being for little more than attaching themselves to men and having babies.

Women needed to become stronger now. It was for the future of Beelzenia, and it would surely be profitable as well–that was Juno’s pet theory.

“Very well, Banica. Please, tell me everything that you’ve studied on your travels. And if there’s anything I can do, then I won’t hesitate to assist.”

Juno heartily drank down all of her wine.
