Upon learning that Ron Grapple had gone missing, Banica immediately returned home from her trip.

The next day, she suddenly collapsed in the mansion.

It was not from the shock of losing Ron.

The diagnosis that the doctor gave her was “organ abnormalities from overeating”.

.

Night.

Banica was laying in her bedroom, alone.

Each time she turned over, the bed gave out a loud creak.

The bed was one custom made for Banica’s use, but even so it wasn’t strong enough to support her weight anymore.

Banica’s body had grown much, much bigger than it had been before. Even if you searched through all of Beelzenia–or all of Evillious itself, you would never find anyone fatter than Banica.

The way she was then there was nothing strange at all about abnormalities occurring with her health.

…Maybe I ought to hold back on how much I eat for a while…

Banica was thinking about that, while half asleep.

.

Take “food” from you

And what would you say is left?

.

Suddenly a voice had resounded throughout the room.

“…!? Who’s there?”

Banica was the only one in the bedroom. But that voice just then had not been hers.

She tried to jump to her feet from her bed.

But her body didn’t move.

Eventually at the point of her gaze she saw–something, dimly floating very close to the ceiling.

<Long time no see, Banica Conchita>

It turned to Banica and began to speak to her.

But its form was blurry, and she couldn’t clearly make out what it really was.

“Who are you? Although you seem to know me.”

<Ah, yes…To put it in the words your kind uses, I suppose that would make me a “Demon”>

“Oh my…Does that mean you’ve finally come to take me away?”

Despite being put in such a bizarre situation, Banica remained calm.

Just as the “demon” had implied, she got the feeling that she knew this creature well.

<The pronouncement of your death–Well, that’s not a bad guess. If you continue this way, then you will take a trip to the hellish yard in six months’ time>

“…So the cause is overeating after all?”

<Correct.>

“If that’s the case, then I have no real regrets. For I have already tasted nearly every dish I could find in this world.”

<–You really think so?>

“Yeah. …Well if I would venture to say so, there is just one thing I wish I could have eaten.”

<What is that?>

“—The Baemu. I’ve searched all over the world, let alone the Tasan territory, but in the end I wasn’t able to find it. …Ah, sorry. There is one more. ‘Blood Grave’. It’s a little painful for me to die before the wine’s completion–but then, the person I wanted to have drink it most of all has already passed on, so I guess it’s alright.“

<…Well, that is after all the limit of a human being. If you want my opinion, you have still fallen short of true "food”–by at least half>

“…What do you mean?”

<Do you want to know? –To know of a world of new, extreme “food” that you’ve never seen?>

That was a very enticing offer for Banica.

“But I’m going to die in half a year aren’t I?”

<Ordinarily, yes…But if you give over your body to me, then I can change even that pronouncement>

“Goodness, what a proposal…So, basically, you’re telling me to sell my soul to a demon.”

The room was pitch-black, the lights extinguished. But even if there was some illumination in it, Banica would not be able to confirm clearly for herself what it was that was in front of her.

There was just a red shimmer.

<Not a bad proposition, is it? You’ll be reborn, and be able to climb the heights of all “food”>

“I decline.”

<…>

“My mother was killed by a demon. No, not just my mother. All of the people who worked in this mansion died by a curse.”

<Wrong. Those fools all lacked the capacity to accept my power—that’s all it was. And besides, I’m not the one who killed your mother. That was your fath–>

“Silence. I have no wish to speak with you further. Disappear at once.“

<…Ah well. Then, at the very least I shall leave you a parting gift>

She heard the door open. Although Banica couldn’t see due to being unable to move, it appeared that someone had entered the room.

They approached her bedside, but she couldn’t see their face. The figure left something on the top of a shelf, and then left from the room.

<It’s one of the things you desired. And part of my own body. When you taste it, you will have made the contract. I leave what happens next to your own decision. I am not prideful enough to possess you by force, but neither am I slothful enough to do nothing. However—I’ll ask once more>

.

Take “food” from you

And what would you say is left?

.

“…”

Banica didn’t reply.

Eventually the red shimmer vanished from her line of sight, and at the same time her consciousness grew far away.

.

When Banica opened her eyes next, it was already quite late in the day.

She leisurely sat up in bed.

Her body was drenched in sweat. Despite the fact that it hadn’t been that warm last night.

She wanted something to drink. That thought came to her at once. Her throat was unbearably parched.

She abruptly glanced to the shelf near her bed, and saw that a wineglass had been set there.

The glass was filled to the brim with a red liquid.

…The demon.

Banica remembered what had happened last night.

That was the demon’s invitation. If she were to drink up that liquid, then she would become contracted to it.

A world of new "food"…hm

Did something like that really exist? There was no one who knew as much about food as Banica.

Someone like her, falling short of half of all "food”?

How idiotic.

But…supposing there really is “food” that I don’t know about

Then by all means she would like to experience it.

Those were her honest feelings.

“So then…what even is this liquid in the first place?”

The Demon had said it was one of the things that she’d desired.

“Blood Grave? …It couldn’t be. That wine hasn’t been finished yet.”

Then, inevitably that meant that the answer was the other thing.

Banica gave the liquid a sniff.

It had a faintly metallic scent.

“Could it be, that this is Baemu…blood!?”

The legendary red pig, the Baemu.

Its vital lifeblood was now before her.

–What in the world would it taste like?

An intense curiosity took hold of Banica’s heart.

“I mustn't…If I drink this, then I–”

Despite saying so, Banica was bringing the wineglass up to her mouth.

“–I–I…what do I want to do?”

She swiftly brought her lips to the rim of the glass.

If she tilted it up further, the liquid would settle straight in Banica’s stomach.

“Inquiry into ‘food’–I’ve poured my life into that. Take 'food’ away from me–”

.

And what in the world could she say was left?
