This work is a sequel to the doujin light novel published by the “the heavenly yard” circle, “Original Sin Story: Crime”.

This is a novelization of the contents of the doujin CD “Original Sin Story: Complete Edition”, the portions covering acts two and three.

Thanks to the impact of Coronavirus it came out a lot later than planned, but I’ve finally managed to get it released.

In the time between the last work and this current one I was sponsored to write a new “Deadly Sins of Evil” song for a game and things like that, but in my head I viewed the series as finished with the publication of the “master of the heavenly yard” song and novel, so lately it’s been harder to remember my older story concepts…

For now, there were some points where I was…hoping here to put a final end to the “Deadly Sins of Evil” series this time with the publication of this novel here (Though I think I’ll write more if I’m commissioned to as a job).

That being said, I did completely cut out one of the song episodes (Barisol’s Child is an Only Child) from the work, so I also do have a bit of a hope that I can publish a complete edition novel with it included one of these days.

But that episode has a very weak connection to the original story (that was the reason I cut it here), so I do have to put some thought into how I would put it back in. Alternatively, I could also just put it together with other related Second Period episodes and release them as a separate novel.

It also seems that it’s a bit difficult right now to newly purchase previous “Deadly Sins Series” novels, so I would also like for those to be republished somehow. Or maybe do remakes of them while I’m at it…Assuming there’s a publisher who would help me with that.

…And having said all that it probably makes it sound like I don’t actually have any intentions of ending this series at all, so let’s just leave that to the side.

To touch on the contents of this piece a little bit, I did wind up making someone who didn’t show up in the songs in any shape or form into the central figure of the novel.

Aside from that, I did debut figures who “shouldn’t exist”, and maybe there were a few blatant inconsistencies in it.

I’d be really happy if you could recognize these as just “being how it is”.

It’s not that I’m trying to gloss over my own mistakes (…Okay, maybe that’s more or less what I’m doing).

I wrote this at the start, but this is a “sequel”…A sequel to what?

.

Well then, let’s meet again somewhere else if we get the chance!
