“Kayo-san! It’s terrible, terrible!”

Oyuka ran into Kayo’s house in a state of panic.

Right then Kayo was working on repairing an obi. The green obi in her hands was torn up in various places and had several holes in it, and she was sewing them up with thread.

Oyuka dashing into the tailor shop, and Kayo answering her as she did her sewing—it was a scene that I had seen before.

Kayo replied to Oyuka, still without stopping her work, “What’s wrong, Oyuka-san? You’re so agitated.”

“A body’s washed up from the river.”

“My…I suppose someone got drunk and drowned.”

“Apparently it’s not like that. The victim was a young woman, and her belly was stabbed.”

“Then—You’re saying there’s been another slashing?

“I don’t know. But apparently constable Uibee is investigating along those lines. Although there’s areas where it differs from the previous killing.”

“Such as?”

“When the wife of the Miroku household was killed, all of her clothing had been taken off. But this time the corpse is still wearing her kimono.”

At that point, Kayo peered up at Oyuka’s face in puzzlement.
“Oyuka-san…You’re quite well informed on this, aren’t you?”

“Nng…Yeah. It’s not that I’ve been going to gawk at the whole proceedings. That private detective Eikichi came to my shop and told me everything.”

“I see…But if the kimono wasn’t taken, I suppose it wasn’t a robber, then.”

“Actually, weirdly enough while the body was certainly still wearing the kimono, it didn’t have an obi.”

“An obi? …Might it have just been swept away somewhere when the body fell into the river?”

“Maybe so—Anyway, this is so frightening. Another person’s been killed, and both of them were women. We’ll both have to be careful.”

“Yes…” Kayo sighed, and then indirectly placed the obi she was holding just out of Oyuka’s sight. “So then…Oyuka-san. Do they know the identity of this person?”

“Apparently not yet. Though that was when I heard everything from Eikichi. …But, well, once they figure it out, I’m sure they’ll be informing her relatives soon.”
