Another murder had occurred in Enbizaka, and what was more they were another Miroku—word spread through town in the blink of an eye.

The vast majority of the conversations being exchanged were out of sympathy for the deceased Mei and Miku as well as the family members remaining, but there were those among them who amused themselves by telling baseless codswallop that they were murdered for pulling some shady business deals.

The sergeant, constables, and detective ran all over Enbizaka, desperately trying to find even a small clue. I don’t mean to suggest that they’re incompetent, but in all practicality if they were to fail to find the murderer while they still had yet to capture the culprit of the fire four years before, it would make a stain on the reputation of the Izami domain.

Constable Uibee went to visit Perrier at the Freezis Trading House.

“You must have SUCH strain, CONSTABLE-SAN! You have ANY QUESTION for ME you NO HESITATE to ASK!”

“Hmph…Perrier-dono. With both Miku who died the other day, and Mei who was killed before her. When I ask around, I hear that in both cases the victims visited this trading house on the day before their attack—is that true?”

“YES! They both BUSINESS TALK. The Mirokus BRING US many JAKOKUAN cloth products!”

“Were there any disputes during these business meetings?”

“Not a ONE!”

“…Really?”

“HEY—You don’t SUSPECT ME, do you, CONSTABLE-SAN?”

“Oh no, that’s not what I mean…It’s just, merchants can be unexpectedly fiery people. There are even some who’ll say without hesitation that they value money more than life—”

Uibee continued to look at Perrier with evaluating eyes, smiling.

Perrier, meanwhile, put on an expression that made clear her displeasure.

“…I put forward LOT of money in rebuilding Enbizaka. You still saying I kill someone for SELFISH GREED?”

“Everyone in Enbizaka is grateful to you for that. Naturally, myself as well. But this and that are two different things—Anyway, if you’re saying that they left the trading house without incident I’m sure there’s someone who could verify—”

At that moment, a man walked in the door.

“—If that’s what you need, then I will serve as a witness. Constable Uibee.”

“Oh, good gracious…Anan-dono.”

Anan was a grandson of Okuto Gato, the Izami magistrate—in other words, he was above Uibee in station. He quickly took on a more respectful tone, evidently reasoning that he couldn’t afford to insult him.

“If you’re a witness, then…that means you were there at the time, Anan-dono?”

“Yes. I stood in during Perrier-sama’s business meeting with the Miroku saleswoman. Both times. In both cases they had no problems; the conversations ended with them being quite companionable, rather.”

“Is that right. Well, if you say so, Anan-dono, then—”

“This PROVES my innocence?”

“…Hmph, I suppose it does. Well, fine. We all want to catch the criminal as soon as possible. If you remember anything, make sure to send word to the magistrate’s office at once—Well then,” Uibee said, moving to leave from the room.

“Wait a moment, Uibee.”

It was Anan who stopped him then.

“What is it?”
“I would hate for you to head back empty handed. I don’t know if it’ll help much, but I will tell you one thing I know regarding the Mirokus.”

Anan approached Uibee and whispered something to him.

“My word…Is this really true, Anan-dono?”

“Is this the first you’ve heard of it?”

“Yes…I’ll begin investigation with this new angle immediately. And now, this time for real, I will excuse myself.”

Uibee darted from the room.

“…I don’t THINK WELL of having secret talk before your boss, ANAN.”

Perrier turned to Anan, looking quite annoyed.

“My apologies. But I figured that you would surely not be pleased by it—”

“You tell him about THAT? I don’t LIKE men who BLAB about a woman PRIVATE BUSINESS!”

“But it’s possible that if all goes well, by letting this information slip we could deal a blow to the Yarera Zusco Firm.”

“…True, then hope it GOES well. –How is Elluka?”

“She’s still resting in bed. Just as she has for the past few months. …Perhaps Jakokuan food doesn’t agree with her?”

Upon hearing that, Perrier gave a small sigh. “If she was HEALTHY, I like to have her work on this case…Well, can’t be HELPED.”
“Just who in the world is this Elluka?”

“Didn’t I EXPLAIN before? She is Levin missionary, and GREAT FRIEND of mine.”

“…She uses peculiar arts. Are those things that all Levin missionaries are able to use? –Though I’ve never heard of such a thing.”

“—If you want to return to your grandfather with no incident, you stop prying into things that not your business, ANAN.”

Anan bowed his head, unthinkingly withering as Perrier glared at him.

“I beg your pardon.”

“Also, tell that MAID who come here with you to CLEAN more CAREFULLY. There is DUST gathering on window edges.”

“…Yes ma’am.”

Perrier left the room, leaving Anan with his head bowed.
