Several days later, Uibee once more came to visit the Miroku shop.

“…You look a little bit calmer, Miroku,” Uibee said out of concern for Kai, despite his grim expression.

“Yes…I’m fine, thank you; I’ve managed to recover a little. I have to make ends meet, so I can’t afford to be in a state all the time, as the owner here.”

“That’s true. You still have a young daughter to think about. How is she doing?”

“Poor thing, she’s been crying all the time. Rin really loved her big sister.”

“I see…Well, you oughtta go buy her somethin’ to cheer her up when you have some spare time.”

“Right.”

“Anyway.” Uibee turned to face Kai directly, straightening up his posture. “I have some things I want to ask you.”

“…If it helps catch the person who murdered my wife and daughter, I’ll tell you anything.”

“It’s about Miku. There’s something you didn’t tell me about her—isn’t there?”

“No…What do you mean?”

“She…had conceived a child, hadn’t she?”

“…!”

“The day before Miku was murdered, you had a huge fight with her over that. It was right in the middle of the road, before Soukyou Bridge. Countless people witnessed it. Ya can’t deny it.”

Kai dropped his face, replying as his shoulders shook, “…It’s just as you say. When I heard that she was pregnant with Kiji’s child, I flew into a rage and shouted at her. …But whatever the circumstances, that was no reason for me to kill my own daughter!”

“Oh no, I don’t mean ta say I think you’re the killer. …Only that I’m sure that’s why Miku was late comin’ home that night. It’s true Miku went to the Freezis Trading House to take their order that day, but I was told she left before evening. …Well, it was probably hard for her to come home.”

“…Gh!” Kai slammed his fist on the tatami mat. “Why did I…fight with her that day…”

“From what I hear from the folks at the Yarera Zusco firm, Kiji going back to his homeland was to tell his parents about it. To get their approval for him to marry Miku. Apparently he actually wanted to take Miku with him, but you’d have never allowed that. Anyway, he went by himself just to give them the news…Ah, come to think of it, I heard Kiji’s boat arrived back this morning.”

“…”

It was at that moment. Someone darted through the Miroku shop’s entrance, out of breath.

“Kai-san! …At port just now I heard that Miku’s died—”

This tall man wearing a business suit was Miku’s boyfriend Kiji, the very same.

“—Bastard!” The very instant that he saw Kiji, Kai lunged at him and seized him by the lapels. “If it hadn’t…if it hadn’t been for you…Miku would—”

Upon seeing Kai move to attack Kiji, Uibee flusteredly started trying to separate them.

“Hey hey. Leave your grievances aside in front of a constable. I’ll have to arrest the two of ya.”

“…Dammit.” Kai fell to sit on the tatami mat. “Get out! I don’t ever want to see your face again! Get out!”

Kiji silently gazed upon Kai as he was screamed at for a moment, but eventually he bowed his head and left the Miroku shop without a word.

Uibee chased after him, and grabbed his shoulder from behind. “Wait a second. You’re Kiji-san?”

“…Yeah, I am, what of it?” Kiji replied, expressionless.

“I’m constable Uibee. I wanna talk to you for a minute—”

“Constable…Hmph.”

Kiji snorted, and Uibee looked a little bit annoyed.

“What’s so funny?”

“—Miku told me all about it. How you lot from the magistrate’s office are idiotic louts that not only haven’t been able to find her mother’s killer, but also haven’t gotten your hands on even a single clue.”

“…Not much I can protest to that. But that’s why this time we—”
“’This time’? What ‘this time’! Miku is dead thanks to your incompetence! There will never be another ‘this time’! Not for Miku…and not for her unborn child…”

“…”

Uibee let go of Kiji’s shoulder.

“…I have no more faith in you all at the magistrate’s office! The criminal who killed Miku…I will find them and kill them myself!”

After speaking sharply, Kiji walked away towards Soukyou Bridge.
