“Excuse me.”

Someone had come to visit Kayo’s tailor shop.

It was not a voice she recognized.

This person who had come here…If they were not one of her neighbors, then they must have been someone who had shown up for a commission.

“Yes, what can I do for you?” Kayo replied. When she did, a young person passed under the sign and came in.

He had blond hair and blue eyes, and was clad in armor with a jinbaori surcoat worn over it.

The jinbaori was torn around the sleeves, and looked as though it was about to fall off.

“I came here because I was told that the one named Sudou Kayo-san was here—”

“I am Sudou Kayo. …Do you have work for me?”

“Ah…Yes. There is that too.”
The young man took off the jinbaori and handed it to Kayo.

“…Was this cut by some bladed item? Well, anyway, with this level of damage I should be able to make it good as new in two or three—”

“Uh, can I ask you an awkward question?”

“What is it?”

“That is…have you…ever birthed a child, Kayo-san?”

It was a very abrupt question, and Kayo stared at him for a moment, eyes wide.

But then she calmly replied, “Yes…I have a son…He has blond hair and blue eyes just like yours—”

“–! Then it’s true…”

“…It sounds like there is some reason for your asking.”

“—I have come to Onigashima to look for my true mother.”

“Why would you think your mother is on this island?”

“Because that’s the revelation I was given. …By a mermaid.”

“A mermaid…?”

“You probably think it’s ridiculous. But I did really meet a mermaid, and she told me these things: My true mother is on Onigashima, that she has pink hair and works as a tailor, and…that my true name is ‘Ren’.”

“…!”

Kayo’s hand shot to her mouth in shock.

“I have set out on a journey with my friends to ascertain the truth. Though we got sidetracked along the way…But finally I’ve been able to arrive here like this.”

“…It’s true…that I once gave birth to a child…and that child’s name—was ‘Ren’.”

“–! Then—”

“I don’t know…Frankly I’m very confused right now. I don’t know how I should treat this…But.”

Kayo stood, and raced over to the young man’s side.

Then she tightly threw her arms around him.

“For now…Let me believe that what you say is the truth…Let me just hold you like this…Oh, Ren!”

“Kayo-san—”

.

The true identity of the young man was the boy named Kokutan-douji that Oyuka and Eikichi were gossiping about.

I don’t know if that sincere-sounding young man was lying or not. He didn’t look to me like some wicked villain who had approached Kayo to deceive her, at least.

But assuming he had been telling the truth—
It is very difficult for me to explain to you now what I felt back then.

How I so desperately wanted to tell him.

.

That the “revelation” he was told—

Was nothing more than the whispers of a demon—

There, I realized that I had blabbed something I shouldn’t have.

Sorry. Please just…forget those last words just now.

But Elluka obviously wasn’t going to let that slide.

“Haha…You really seem to despise this ‘mermaid’.”

…I merely hate such an unreal, imaginary being, that’s all. There shouldn’t even be any mermaids to begin with.

“That’s fine talk coming from an being like you that’s quite ‘unreal’ to the average person.”

Speaking of the mermaid…Perrier seems to be searching for it quite desperately.

“The ‘secret to immortality’—That is what the Freezis Foundation Firm has been hunting after since its inception. To that end they have been carrying out some informal experiments. Shaw Freezis, the foundation’s founder, used a result of those experiments to live over a hundred years. Perrier herself is one of their test subjects as well. The fact that she retains her young form despite being close to forty years old is for that reason…But the foundation has still not been able to obtain complete immortality.”

Is that the reason for your friendship with the Freezis Foundation Firm?

“I have had a very long acquaintanceship with them. They likely have an interest in my having lived this long. Naturally I would never reveal my secret to them, but by insinuating something that sounds like it every so often, the foundation has granted me money and power beyond that which I need…It’s helped me out quite a bit.”

It seemed that I had successfully changed the subject.

Elluka still questioned me.

“Kayo is the one who killed Miku—that is certain, yes?”

It is.

“Kayo glimpsed Kai and Miku quarreling before Soukyou Bridge. Once she heard that she was ‘with child’, Kayo mistakenly thought that Kai had gotten Miku pregnant—Was it something like that, going off of the events thus far?”

…Generally speaking, yes. Kayo did indeed witness the two of them before the bridge, and that night she waited for Miku, stabbed her stomach with the eastern scissors, and tossed her into the river.

“By your phrasing of ‘generally speaking’, does that mean that some details are different?”

…

“You’re always so taciturn on the crucial parts…And this ‘Kokutan-douji’. He’s finally debuted in the story.”
Kokutan-douji—The boy who lived with Kayo for a short time as her son, “Ren”.

And…the one who carried out her beheading, in the end.

All of his experiences up to him arriving in Enbizaka…Would you like me to talk about those as well?

“That won’t be necessary. He did have some points that made me curious, so I’ve already done some research on him beforehand.” Elluka opened her notebook and showed me her densely written foreign text. “You see? It’s right here.”

…It looks that way to me, but I can’t read your foreign writing. …Do you plan to make that a book someday as well?

“I do. That would be nice. As for the book’s title…Put together with other stories I’ve heard passed down in Jakoku…What do you think of ‘Magical Travels of the East’?”
