Demons dwell in the “Vessels of Deadly Sin”.

However, that doesn’t necessarily mean that only one demon has to be deployed to only one vessel. I confirmed that for myself through experiments that I performed a hundred years ago.

Generally speaking the “Demon of Lust” dwells in the “Vessel of Lust”. But demons are able to move to different vessels. They hardly ever do so on their own, but as a result of research I was able to confirm that it was possible to move the demon to a different vessel by force through the application of magical stimulus.

But this isn’t something I can undertake all that frequently, as it is consumes a significant amount of magical power. Controlling demons, which are much higher-grade beings than humans, is not such an easy task.

I myself have not carried it out, but it is theoretically possible for multiple demons to enter a single vessel. Depending on the circumstances, it is also possible to seal inside something that’s not a demon—such as the soul of a human or a spirit. I created the “Clockworker’s Doll” through a similar theory. In the end, the structure of deadly sin vessels is not so terribly different from the “music boxes” that the Clockworker family would always make.

Speaking of vessels that have multiple beings inside, there is the “Glass of Conchita”.

Inside it now is one other person aside from the demon; “Ney”. Though while I had honestly thought that Ney’s spirit would become mine, the demon snatched her right out from under me.

I have considered making a new music box—a new “soul cage”, and moving Ney over there through force, but I would like to avoid indiscreetly prompting the demon’s ire.

In any case, as long as I have the “Glass of Conchita” in hand it’s much the same as having Ney under my control…or rather “Gretel”. With the worst-case scenario in mind, I entrusted the vessel to Lemy.

And there are two beings in the other one—the other vessel. When I first made contact with the demon inside, I was extremely surprised.

…Never would I have imagined that I would be reunited with him like this.
