The Magic Kingdom Levianta held the entire northern region of Evillious as its territory.

Spread out through this northwest were twelve small cities—colloquially named the “Twelve Capitals”, and in the center of them was the royal castle, Alicegrad.

Though they called it the royal castle, originally it had been little more than walls to protect the temple dedicated to the dragon god.

Given that so many items from the Second Period lay dormant in the region surrounding that former temple, the people excavating them built walls to mark out their territory.

Over time the walls were added to, becoming the residence for these excavators and then changing into an enormous structure.
People seeking the blessings of that legacy came to live around them, and eventually it turned into a town.

As it was constructed in that way, Alicegrad wasn’t a very tall castle, but it was a fairly sprawling one.

To the point where it wouldn’t be a stretch to say that the castle itself was a single town.

The “round hall” that the senate held meetings in was established in the western area of the “First Wall” section, which was close to the heart of the royal castle.

.

When Miroku opened the door to the round hall, the other eleven members of the senate were already assembled.

But there was no sign of Adam or Gammon.

Miroku asked the retainer standing in wait by the wall, “The other two haven’t arrived yet?”

“Y-yes…It seems they had some urgent business. But they should be along shortl—”

“Very well. You go outside. When Adam and Gammon get here, send them in.”

“Of course, sir.”

After seeing the retainer off, Miroku then took his seat as the head of the senate.

“Let’s begin the meeting. Our main business for today is—”

A man with curly hair butt in as Miroku spoke, “You received an oracle from the ‘Queen of the Glass’, didn’t you, Chief Senator Loop Octopus. And…I wager it wasn’t good news.”

“What makes you think that, Senator Li?”
“You look pale. The last time I saw you looking like that…Yes, it was…”

“After the drought two years before,” answered a sober-looking man sitting across from Miroku in Senator Li’s stead. “Back then there was another oracle. And it was by the grace of the gods that we were able to keep our losses to a minimum.”

“You are correct, Senator Idora. But…that isn’t the issue this time.”

“Then what? Flood, or earthquake, or—”

“I suppose it’s neither of them, but also all of them.”

“Stop putting on airs and just cut to the chase.”

“…The wrath of the gods. In just one phrase—the destruction of our world.”

In that moment, everyone there broke out talking.

“Oh no…The time has finally come…”

“But this is much too sudden. We’ve had no harbingers—”

“We’ve had omens in oracles before, haven’t we? That’s how the will of the gods is.”

Miroku sought order from the other members. “Hold on now. None of this is happening soon. We still have time yet.”

“When will it arrive? This ‘wrath of the gods’,” asked a sharp-eyed old man.

“It is apparently…the ‘Gear of Twilight’.”
“The ancient record system, huh. In that sense we’re currently in the “Gear of Dawn”, so…That should be in about twenty years. Huh, that’s pretty far off.”

Senator Li glowered at the old man’s surprised expression. “That’s just because that’s as far as your lifespan is going to reach, Senator Qina.”

“What? Shut your mouth, whippersnapper!”

Ignoring Senator Qina’s outrage, Senator Li turned back to Miroku. “Then, naturally the gods must have told you some way to avert this, yes?”

“Indeed…According to the queen, we must seek out a receptacle for the gods.”

“A receptacle?”

“Yes. And on that topic—”

At that moment, the door opened and two young men entered.

“—Perfect timing. They’ve arrived.”

Miroku first glanced at the man with blue hair. He flashed a gentle smile and then bowed. “Terribly sorry for being late. Adam Solntse, at your service.”

On the other hand, the long-haired man standing behind Adam—Miroku’s son, Gammon—simply remained standing with a sour face.

…Hmph, whatever.

He would chastise his son for his rudeness later.

First they needed to progress through the discussion.

This meeting would get long. The “project” that Miroku intended to now propose was not something everyone would endorse so readily.
“As for Adam…Senator Vaju, you should know him quite well,” Miroku said to a man sitting beside him with a beard only on the right half of his face.

“Mhm. That was when I was working with the royal research institute during the aforementioned…’Next Queen Project’.” Adam was the one who served as head of the institute. “He’d done quite well, especially considering he had only just inherited the position from his father.”

Adam returned a grin to Senator Vaju as he sang his praises.

After lightly clearing his throat, Miroku continued speaking. “On the topic of the ‘Next Queen Project’—I would like to alter it slightly.”

Upon hearing that, Adam’s expression grew solemn. “What…do you mean by that?”

“There’s no need to be so concerned. All this means is that it will…change to a concern far more vital for our country.”

“…I can’t see what you’re getting at here.”

“I would think so. Well then—now that everyone is gathered here, let us begin properly.”

Miroku put both of his hands on the table before him and then uttered:

.

“—It’s time to discuss Project ‘Ma’.”
