…

……

………Hmph.

This is a long fight. They’ve been quarreling with each other for two hours now.

It seems Elluka’s and Irina’s powers are evenly matched.

Irina’s fairly considerable. Looks as though she hasn’t neglected her magical studies at all for six hundred years.

Thanks to that she hasn’t been outdone by Elluka, despite her having obtained Eve’s powers.

Gumillia’s doing well too. She’s also quite good.

How ingenious of her to have come up with something as interesting as a gun that can have magic loaded into it.

Well, she’s been excellent for quite a long while now. Yes, for as long back as the far, far off—distant past.

As for Lemy…Compared to the other three he seems a bit inferior.

It would probably be different if he were able to use the dead soldiers. Looks like he’s not smart enough to do that.

But Lemy won’t die. So even if he doesn’t win, he won’t be defeated.

Putting it that way, he’s the strongest person there, hm?

.

…But I’m growing tired of this.

I almost want to get this over with and put an end to this stalemate.

The one literally taking charge of the key right now is Gumillia.

–Adam, are you not going to operate as usual?

.

…Ah, that’s it. I see. You say she has no “anger”.

Without that, you can’t lend her any power.

Inconvenient, isn’t it?

You are after all more akin to a parasitic roundworm leeching off the vessel.

If that’s the case—is this my turn?

I suppose that’s alright on occasion.

She’s an old acquaintance of mine, and I too have some considerations in these circumstances.

We’re somewhat alike, us two.

Such as, you see, we were both reincarnated as humans.

.

Well then, shall I try talking to her?

What was it again? “Give over everything”?

…No, I think I’d rather speak with my own words.

I’ll do as I do—

.

As the “Demon of Wrath”.
