Gumillia was growing weary of the long battle.

She’d tried acceleration glyphs and she’d tried the Clockwork Secret Art. But no matter what magic she had, she wasn’t able to defeat Lemy.

So she’d considered turning on Irina…but Lemy would stubbornly get in the way, so that hadn’t worked out either. She had a long-ranged weapon, and her opponent had short-ranged—It was an overwhelmingly advantageous situation, but if she was caught unprepared there was a very real chance of her getting her throat cut. Now matter how strong her magic was, no matter how long a life she had, her body was still only human. If she was stabbed with a knife, she would all-too-quickly die.
She wanted something—a way to change the situation.

<Looks like you’re struggling a bit>

–At first she thought she was hearing things.

So Gumillia ignored the voice.

<…How cold you are. Answer me, Gumillia>

…So she was hearing a “voice” from somewhere after all. Somehow it seemed Gumillia was the only one who noticed it.

“…Who is this?”

<It’s me, me. Don’t you recognize my voice?>

“I don’t know you. I’ve never, heard your voice.”

<…So you’ve forgotten it all, just like the other demons and spirits. How sad, guess I’m the only one who remembers the Second Period>

Gumillia finally figured out where the voice was coming from.

From inside her robe. The voice was emanating from the golden key that she was keeping in there. In other words, the identity of the owner of the voice was—

“The Demon of “Wrath”—“

<Yes, correct.>

“I have, no acquaintances that are demons.”

<Now that isn’t true. Sprits and demons were all originally the same sort of being. Everyone’s simply forgotten that>

“…Whatever, that doesn’t matter. I’m busy right now, so be quiet.”

Throughout her conversation with the demon, Lemy had kept up his assault without rest. As she knocked him down over and over again, he no longer looked to be sane.

“Huff…Huff…”

Even so, he didn’t stop moving. He kept stabbing his knife at Gumillia with his eyes rolled back in his head.

<That’s enough; this is too sad. You should put an end to it already>

“It is because I can’t, that I am struggling.”

<Have you also forgotten what Irina said earlier? You can kill him if you’re a “contractor”>

“…You’re telling me, to contract with you?”

<Exactly>

“I refuse.”

Gumillia repelled Lemy’s knife with the body of her gun while she spoke.
<My, you’re stubborn. …Well then, fine, I’ll provide a very special service to you. Our contract will be kept solely to this. Once the battle is over, I’ll release you from it>

“Can’t trust you.”

Lemy lost his balance and tumbled to the ground. Then he stood up again.

<–You don’t have any alternative, Gumillia. Even you must see that this situation is deteriorating, don’t you? Come now, it’s very simple. You can change “Grim the End”’s form at will, and revive it as many times as you need. Out of all the items I have created it is my masterpiece. Change it into a weapon—probably a bullet for your gun, the way you’re doing now. Fire “Grim the End” into his heart. And there it will be over.>

“No. I will not, contract with a demon.”

<…What a cruel woman you are! Oh, poor Lemy. He’s in such shambles. He’s only listening to what his mother’s told him to do. Will you continue to torment him, in this state?! How terrible, how awful. You…sadist!>

Gumillia replied with a click of her tongue to the demon’s overly dramatic expressions. “…Tch.”

But his argument was sound. Things would never be settled at this rate.

–It would be a temporary contract. She had no choice but to believe that.

Gumillia pulled the key from her robe. The golden key changed its form as though in response to her thoughts.

It was a single golden bullet.

She put it into the revolver’s loading chamber, and pointed the muzzle at Lemy.

…I have one chance. I’ll aim carefully.

It wasn’t hard. Lemy’s movements had become much more sluggish than they had been at the beginning. Though his wounds were healing, his strength probably couldn’t be revived so easily.

.

“—Farewell, ‘Fifth, Pierrot’.”

.

Gumillia pulled the trigger.
