–Lemy opened his eyes.

.

That is to say that by opening them, he’d had his eyes closed up until then.

Had he been sleeping? Then, how long had it been?

Maybe he’d been dreaming this whole time.

Where was he?
Lemy slowly sat up and looked at his surroundings.

He was in a strangely, deeply red place.

So, so much redder than the town of Calgaround—

Just about everything was red.

There was something that wasn’t red. It was slowly moving, drawing closer in his direction.

It was a person. Lemy knew her.

She was Rin. But no, it wasn’t. It wasn’t Rin after all. She looked quite like her, but just a little different.

She resembled Rin, but she also resembled Lemy.

She was Lemy. Lemy was her.

That is, she was surely Ney.

“Welcome back, Lemy.”

As he thought, it was Ney’s voice. Ney, Ney—Had that really been her name?

That’s right. He finally remembered. Her name was—

.

“Arte”

.

Yes, Arte. Lemy’s older sister. The two of them had once served their lady.

…Who the heck was “their lady”?
It was a red place. Deeply red here. But it wasn’t just the red. There were various things here.

A field, a pen, fortress walls, trees, livestock, and a house.

Lemy had returned. To this place where he had once lived.

“Looks like your memory is coming back to you.”

That was her voice. A voice that was different from Arte’s.

The one there was Julia. But no, it wasn’t. It wasn’t Mother after all. She looked quite like her, but just a little different. He’d heard her voice before as well. It was the demon of Gluttony. Lemy had headed North by her instructions. Although in the end he’d been unable to do anything.

So Lemy apologized to the demon.

“Don’t fret. You served me well. Getting me closer to Elluka was the mission I had assigned to you.”

He was praised by the demon. No, that wasn’t right. She was—his lady was–

“You still look a little confused. Just relax here for now. Let’s all watch the conclusion of the battle. In a little while you’ll start to remember things better,” the demon said.

“Just like me, huh?” Arte said.

The battle—Yes, Lemy had been fighting. And he’d been shot in the middle of his forehead by a golden bullet–
In a space where there was nothing, a hole opened up. The demon had opened it. From there he became able to peek out to the outside world.

That is to say that by outside world, he was currently in an inside world. Lemy realized that he himself was inside the “Glass of Conchita”.

–In the outside world, his mother was crying. That was, without a doubt, the real Julia. She was holding Lemy’s lifeless body close and quietly shedding tears.

“Is Mom—crying for me?”

Yes, that was Lemy. Lemy’s corpse. Fifth, Pierrot—Lemy Abelard had clearly died.

…Then who exactly am I?

“I’m Lemy…Yes, I know I was Lemy.”

But I’m not anymore.

I, taken into the glass.

My real name is—

“Aren’t you hungry, Pollo? It’s a little early but let’s have some breakfast.”

Arte brought over a plate filled with lots of food.

.

–“Pollo”.
Yes, that, is my real name.

.

I felt like that was both correct and incorrect. It seemed to me like I had an even truer name than that.

But, for now it’s fine.

I am “Pollo”.

“If you don’t hurry, Lady Banica’s gonna eat it all up.”

Lady Banica—Ah, what a familiar name.

And what a familiar eating style.

Just as Arte says, seems if I don’t hurry my own portion to eat will vanish—

.

Honor and praise

Our own great Lady Conchita.
