Seth Twiright was an “HER”, and so he had attempted to increase his number of allies.

The first thing he’d done had been the creation of artificial humans–“Ghoul Children”. The first had been Pale Nöel, and the second had been my older brother, Kiril Clockworker. They were also clones, made from Seth’s DNA. Because of that, the first “ghoul child”, Pale, completely manifested his traits as an HER, and became an infamous criminal heading “Apocalypse”, which opposed the Magic Kingdom.

As Pale and Kiril were copies of Seth, they had his same face, same intellect, and same maliciousness. They had no sight in their left eyes, and they would also wear glasses to disguise that fact.

As Pale’s notoriety spread, he began to risk Seth’s standing within the Magic Kingdom. He glossed things over by claiming that Pale was his “younger twin brother”, but judged that it would not be a good idea to make any more artificial humans that looked like him.

The third “Ghoul Child” had been created as an entirely different person, unlike him in both face and gender. He tried to make them an “HER” as an acquired trait by inserting the “seed of malice” into them. That artificial human was given the name of “Meta Salmhofer”, joined as a member of “Apocalypse”, and became Pale’s girlfriend.

After that Seth secretly continued to create “Ghoul Children”. The twelfth to be born was myself, “Irina Clockworker”. I was deployed into the magic kingdom as Kiril’s little sister.

Seth could be called the father of all of the “HER"s in this world. They were born from him, and then, due to the "Levianta Catastrophe”, almost all of them died out. The composition of the “Seeds of Malice” still permeated the air in microscopic amounts, but the chances of a new “HER” being born through that were extremely rare.

After he resurrected me as a red cat after the Leviantan Catastrophe, Seth disappeared. At the time his entire body had sustained heavy burn scars, and was wounded all over. I had always thought that Seth had died a dog’s death somewhere.

But he hadn’t died. Strictly speaking he may have died as a human, but Seth had kept on inside his vessel as the “Demon of Wrath”.

Perhaps he hadn’t been human originally. He might have been a different being that merely reincarnated as human—I could come up with a few theories from that line of thinking.

The only ones who can “reincarnate” are the gods, their kin, and the “Twins of God”. If Seth wasn’t one of the gods, then he probably had once been one of the god-kin like the other demons.

How he managed to escape from the ark “Sin”, and why he was reborn as a human—those points I can only leave to my imagination.

.

–Seth is my enemy now.

He killed Lemy.

He’s probably realized my true goal.

When everything is over, I will destroy him and his allies.
