Speaking of Lucifenia…… I wonder how Gumillia and Elluka are doing. I haven’t seen or heard of them
in a few months now. This country lacks information about other countries.

I looked up at the sky and saw that it was already getting dark. I picked up my tools and headed for
home.

Up to now, I was still living in Clarith’s house.

Even if I wanted to go to Aceid, I don’t have the strength or any clues to go after. Also, this village isn’t
very far from Aceid; I can look for ‘sin’ anytime. Thanks to Clarith’s saving grace, I still have lots of
money in my purse…

Staying home and doing nothing is very boring. Clarith asked me if I wanted to help her in farm work. I
really didn’t expect such a miscalculation. At first, I had a lot of anticipation of finding ‘sin’, but it was all
wasted in idle.

Clarith was assigned with a very small land for harvest. It wasn’t enough for our living expenses. Clarith
had to do extra work to earn more. While substituting for Clarith in farm work, I made lots of friends
and gathered some information about the village.

This land, including the whole of Yatski Village, belongs to Count Felix. All of the land fees are to be
collected by the chieftain then is to be given to him.

It was said that whenever the chieftain comes to collect land fees, he would always be accompanied by a
big man named Eugen, his nephew. He was previously in the army but after dispute, he became the
chieftain’s assistant. At first, he was against the chieftain’s greed, but soon after, Eugen realized the
power he was given. He only vented his dissatisfaction at Clarith.

Although the people of the village are nice, they have a bad attitude towards Clarith. For Elphegorteans,
they think of “individuals of the Netsuma Tribe as heretics; even persecution is not enough”. This idea is
deeply rooted into their hearts. I do not have the slightest idea why they think like that nor is the idea of
persecution needed. Perhaps it has something to do in past events or something to do with politics.
However, for a long time, the exact reason has been forgotten and only the word “Netsuma Tribe”
retained. Even so, Clarith doesn’t deserve this kind of treatment.

Of course, I think that Clarith’s clumsiness and cowardice promoted their discrimination towards her.
Perhaps because of the discrimination, Clarith’s personality has become like that. In the end, what came
first will never be known. Clarith never mentioned it to me yet because there was a subtle difference
between us. It was impossible to restore the relationship we had when I was in my robin form. I want to
tell her my origins, but for some reasons, I cannot tell her.

“Well, I don’t exactly know what to do until then.”

On my way back, I found Clarith talking to another person nearby a truck. It was very unusual.

The other person was the chieftain’s son, Ein. He is entirely different from his father; a fine young man
and very popular among the women of the village. I hesitated to say hello but Ein seems to be aware of
my existence. I wildly turned and waved my hand. Clarith nodded.
