"......What?"

"I think beautiful people match very well."

"Although you say that, I'm not really interested in men..."

When I finished my sentence, I suddenly realized the words I was saying can be easily misunderstood. I
looked at Clarith, she seems to be pleased to with what I said.

"Me too, I’m also not interested in them”

.....I have to choose my words carefully!

As we were about to open the door, the girl next door, Chelsea, appeared right behind us like a ghost.
She had the appearance of an actress, wearing a fancy dress and makeup. Behind her were two girls. If I
remember correctly, they are Chelsea's friends... or should I say… her henchmen.

"Clarith, I have something to tell you. Please come with me for a moment."

Chelsea, with her hair all messy, walked towards the side of her house. She was urging Clarith to follow
her behind her house. I now know what she really meant.

"Yes. I'm coming"

As Clarith said this, she immediately followed behind them. Because I'm concerned for Clarith, I
intended to follow them.

But Chelsea suddenly stopped.

"This does not concern you, Michaela."

Although she didn't allow me to follow them, but the atmosphere around them worries me. When the
four figures disappeared, I took a deep breath and walked slowly and quietly, hiding in the shade made
by the house and secretly watched them.

"What were you trying to do?"

Chelsea crossed her arms, pressing herself against Clarith.

"I saw it. A dirty Netsuma girl was talking to Ein. I hope you weren't planning to do something to him..."

"No! I wasn't!"

"You are planning something!"

"I'm sorry!"

"I don't want to hear your excuses!"
