“Michaela must have come from a wealthy family, otherwise, you wouldn’t have lots of money”

“Well… Ha ha ha”

Although I can’t deny it, I still have to hide my true identity. Well, even if I told her, she wouldn’t believe
me. Her mother doesn’t seem to have found out of my identity yet.

Clarith’s mother has been bedridden because of a fever.

“How is your mother’s condition?”

“She isn’t going to last long. The doctor said it’s already too late and because Gula disease has no cure.
She is only given some pain killers and sleeping pills”

The Gula epidemic started in Southern Belzenia. Lucifenia took this opportunity and invaded Belzenia.
The disease did not only spread throughout Lucifenia but in Elphegort as well. Patients have an
abnormally high fever and a weird taste for food. Clarith’s mother would pick up and eat bugs from the
road side.

“Aceid’s doctors are still currently studying the Gula disease…”

As we expanded our view on Aceid’s scenery, Clarith feebly bowed her head. I skipped to the next
topic, but apparently I choose the wrong topic again.

I pointed out to Clarith the large house in Aceid and said:

“Speaking of Aceid, Clarith, do you know who owns that house?”

I was pointing to the large house where ‘sin’ responded from.

“That’s Mr. Keel’s house. Why do you ask?”

The aristocrat Keel Freesis. Elluka did say that she suspected him.

“Nothing in particular. I just thought that his house is bigger than the others. Mr. Keel must be the head
of commerce?”

“Yes. He is the richest man in this country. It was said that every month, he would invite many people
for dinner. He’s really admirable…”

Clarith whispered with a lonely face.

“Dinner? For the country’s richest man to serve dinner, the cuisines must be exquisite”

“No, that’s not it. I just thought that if he had so many friends around him, he must be really happy.”

“Does Clarith want lots of friends?”

“Ah? Yes. But it’s okay. I know I can’t make friends.”
