In fact, I cannot live here anymore. Now that I know the whereabouts of ‘sin’, I have to take action. I
must end this already. I haven’t met up with Elluka for six months now.

I don’t know if Clarith would agree to my proposal but we cannot just stay put here.

“It’s fine, leave without me. Michaela should be living in Aceid with her family anyway.”

“……Huh? What are you talking about Clarith?”

“Chelsea said that the reason you remain by my side is to set off your beauty. People would also say
that you’re a gentle person if you treat a Netsuma, like me, kindly.

I became speechless. Is that how people look at me?

“Of course, these are just Chelsea’s random babbles. But Michaela, deep in my heart, I do have doubts
about you”

Clarith maintained her posture. She was laughing but she had an unusual smile; a timid smile that
rebuked of her cowardice.

“Breathtaking beauty, a carefree smile, a beautiful voice, someone who can bring joy to others, a
cheerful character. You have everything I do not have. Although I’m glad, but I have doubts about our
relationship”

Clarith stood up and pressed her chest against mine. Her eyes became more crimson.

“You don’t have sympathy for me; you just accompany me for you to have self-esteem.”

“No!”

“But it’s okay, for as long as you remain as my friend, it’s fine by me.”

“Clarith!”

I have to clear up the misunderstanding. The mood at the moment cannot be expressed with words.
Even so, Clarith sounded like I was just using her as an excuse.

I stayed silent, hugging her more tightly than before. She slightly struggled but was unable to push me
back.

I could feel Clarith’s heart beat. She should be able to hear mine as well. Perhaps by doing so, it would
allow us to understand each other’s feelings.

“Clarith, I like you for who you are”

Clarith did not say anything; her face did not show any cowardice.
