At their meeting that day, Elluka suggested to Nyoze that they pause the queen selection process.

“This is abnormal no matter how you slice it.”

Two among the four candidates had died in a very brief span of time.

A sudden accident, suicide…Though as far as Elluka knew, Milky at least hadn’t shown any sign that she was troubled with anything.

“I’d like to hear what you think about it, Senator Nyoze,” Elluka pressed him, looking solemn for once.

Nyoze seemed to grasp that he needed to reply sincerely to this as well. “Don’t think that I am taking the peacekeeping forces’ report at face value either. I suspect something is going on behind the scenes.”

“Then—”

“Even so, there will be no pausing the seventh project. That’s not just my own stance, but that of the senate as a whole.”

“…”

“This isn’t the only time this is happened. There have already been casualties in all of the Project ‘Ma’ iterations before this point…Your older sister Zellana was one such person.”

“…To be honest, I’ve already forgotten what she looked like. I was still just a child at the time.”

“This might sound harsh, but for us it’s too late to take issue with it now. There will always be sacrifices when a powerful position such as being queen is involved.”

“So in other words…You think that Ly and Milky were ‘erased’ by someone for political reasons?”

“…I’m not saying that. I might be a senator, but I’m not in a position to know everything like you might think I do.”

It’s not like the things that this young senator was telling her were all lies.

She could grasp that from his having been tasked as a “proxy” of Seth Twiright, despite his having a much lower position to that of a senator.

Only…Elluka was concerned about a different “possibility” than the one he was thinking of.

A much more direct “motive” that had nothing to do with politics…

Anybody could arrive at it with a bit of simple thought…

Nyoze probably hadn’t thought of it specifically because of his position as senator.

Still…Elluka couldn’t bring herself to voice it now.

“At any rate…You’re saying you won’t take my suggestion.”

“That’s right. You and Irina will continue living here at the palace as you have done. On the contrary…if there’s a chance of you being murdered, leaving you out there on your own would be the more dangerous move.”

“Well, I guess it was too much to ask for that a senator listen to the words of a hopeless drunkard,” Elluka spat out sarcastically.

At that Nyoze replied seriously, not showing any hint of displeasure, “You seem pretty sober right now. And…you are quite exceptional, Elluka Chirclatia.”

“Goodness, I’d have never imagined being spoken to that way. Were my magical ability measurement scores really that good?”

“They were, but…that isn’t the only thing. It looks to me like you’ve been deliberately playing the role of a ‘dropout’. To make everyone think that of you.”

“My my…What’s your basis for that?”

“I did some research into your history. I’m sorry, but that’s my job.”

“…”

“You and your sister were taken into Lighwatch temple when you were young.”

“My sister told me…that we were ‘sold by our parents’. That we both had a special power, so we were bought for that ability by the temple.”

“And you had greater power than any other shrine maiden there. More than that of your deceased sister, even. I heard that with that power you cured the hearts of a great many wicked people and reformed them.”

So, it appeared that he’d figured out pretty much everything.

There didn’t look to be any other choice but for Elluka to resign herself to speak honestly.

“I don’t really like that word, ‘wicked’. They were all…mentally unwell. We call them ‘HER’, but whatever they are there is no small number of people in this world who were possessed from birth by a different personality in their hearts—a demonic personality. To purify and heal them was the role of the Lighwatch shrine maidens.”

“But one day you suddenly fled the temple.”

“…I have had my suspicions, ever since I was a child. I suppose the catalyst for that was what happened to my sister. Zellana was taken to the castle by the previous head priest…and then never came back.”

She had heard a short while afterwards that Zellana had died after failing the ‘queen trial’.

And then she had learned shortly after becoming an adult that the real plan had been to bring not Zellana, but rather the young Elluka, to perform the “queen trial”.

She had found Zellana’s journal when sorting through the things she’d left behind.

What she’d discovered through its contents was that Zellana had been aware of the risks of the trial, and, unwilling to expose her little sister to danger, had suggested to the head priest that she participate in the trial in her stead.

But it wasn’t just about her sister. There was a jail inside Lighwatch Temple, and every so often there would be prisoners put in there. Elluka had even taken on being a jailer for it before.

They were just being locked in there temporarily to receive treatment from the shrine maidens…That is what Elluka had thought at the time.

Yet…she could never remember a single prisoner who had been put in that room ever safely leaving the temple again afterwards.

“—Learning the head priest’s past wound up being the final, clinching blow.”

“That he was former Apocalypse…But the senate has acknowledged him as reformed.”

“He may have washed his hands of his crimes. But there is a different ‘darkness’ inside his heart…That’s my honest impression, having lived there.”

If she stayed there in that temple, she would be taken over by this “darkness” too someday—it was that indescribable fear that had prompted Elluka’s escape back then.

“To be honest, I was also just getting sick of my rigid life as a shrine maiden,” Elluka said with a small laugh.

“And then after that you met Kiril Clockworker, and the two of you began living together.”

“Though that wasn’t our first meeting.”

“I was told that Kiril once received ‘treatment’ from you.”

“Have you met him?”

“Yes. He seems to be an honest man. And he is well liked by those around him. They say he is a skilled music box maker who has properly inherited the work of the former Clockworker head.”

“I ran into him again purely by chance. It really was just dumb luck. And Kiril and his sister Irina accepted me, aimlessly wandering about town as I was, without a moment’s hesitation.”

“Did you not consider going back to your parents?”

“Not at all. How…are those two doing now?”

“…Apparently they both passed some time ago.”

“Ah, I see.” Elluka’s reply was blunt and quick.

“—You started working at Kiril’s shop. And…that was around the time you began to act a ‘fool’.”

“I didn’t want to be taken back to the temple. So I started trying to do whatever I could to break my commandments as a shrine maiden. I thought that even if the priests found me…they would give up on me as just some ‘depraved’ person. Though, well, I guess now that’s become who I really am.”

“I’m a little confused…Why then did you agree to become a queen candidate? If you had any ambitions to become queen, surely it would have been more beneficial to you to remain in the temple.”

“…” Elluka was quiet for a moment, and then replied, “…Irina. She was caught in that mandated magical ability inspection at the same time I was, and it came out that she had the raw potential to be queen too…That girl is much too earnest. I’d wager she never had any intention from the start of going against the country’s will to refuse the ‘queen trial’.”

“…”

“I told her that the trial was dangerous. But it didn’t change her mind in the least. So…I decided to go along with her. So that we could face the trial on the same day, and if anything seemed to go wrong I could quickly go and save her.”

“But your fears turned out to be needless.”

“Yeah. Irina overcame the trial with flying colors.”

“And you as well.”

“…Well, that doesn’t mean I want to actively try to become queen. So if Irina—if she wants to take the position—I’ll be happy to step down. If I do, that would mean there’s no more danger, right?”

But Nyoze shook his head.
“Unfortunately I can’t allow that. What we need for the project is a queen of much higher magical potential. To increase, even slightly, the odds of the ‘Twins of God’ being birthed successfully.”

“…I thought the particulars of Project ‘Ma’ were of the highest secrecy. Should you really be talking about it so casually now?”

“You should already know that much, as a former shrine maiden. That’s what I’ve concluded. To speak further…by all rights, these are confidential matters, but…the results of your magical ability measurement was deemed the highest out of all four women.”

“So you’re saying…I’m the strongest candidate for queen?”

“The decision hasn’t been made final yet. There are other factors outside of magical power to consider, so I’ll need to decide who among you and Irina is more suitable to being queen.”

“…I see. Well, whatever. At the very least I’d appreciate if you bumped up the security around here a bit more. I don’t want to get killed yet.”

“I’ll handle it. …I think that’s enough for today.”

Their discussion ended, Nyoze left the room.

The clouds drifting in Elluka’s mind had yet to clear.

…There’s a million to one odds against it.

If Ly and Milky were murdered, who did it?

Who…stood the most to gain?

Thinking on it simply, she could immediately arrive at an answer.

And that—
Was the person fighting with the two dead women to become queen.
