The children of god aren’t born.

.

The children of god aren’t found.

.

Someone must become mother.

.

She must birth the children of god.

.

…She had heard the ‘Voice of God’ so often when she was a shrine maiden that she’d grown sick of it.

And it now rang through Elluka’s mind for the first time in years.

This voice, the gender of which she couldn’t discern, sounded to Elluka as though it was commanding, or even imploring her.

Were the gods getting impatient?

Impatient to be reborn soon onto the ground world.

–For what purpose?

To save the world…That was the theory proposed by the senate.

Supposing for argument’s sake that were true, then that would have to mean that the threat advancing on the world had to be mighty enough that it could rival the gods’ power.

She had yet to see a single omen of such a thing anywhere.

.

“The Clockworker Magic Workshop”.

So read the sign that had been set up outside the building that Elluka entered.

It had been a while since she’d come back here.

And just like always Kiril was quietly engrossed in his job before his workbench.

He realized that Elluka was there, lifting his face.

“Welcome home, Elluka,” he said, giving her a clumsy smile.

“Good to be back…Darling, have you gotten a bit older?”

“Haha, feels like the last time I saw you was…close to a thousand years ago.”

“It hasn’t even been a single year.”

“The work has been piling up around here for a change. I suppose my exhaustion must be showing on my face a little.”

–Kiril’s trade was that of making music boxes, but it was a little difficult for him to make a living based on solely that.

The only people who came to buy music boxes were those among the decently wealthy who enjoyed music. The amount they paid was alright, but music boxes weren’t the sort of thing you came to buy several times a year.

For that reason, in addition to his sale and repair of music boxes, he would also take contracts to perform maintenance of precision equipment such as clocks and the like.

Ever since Elluka started working at the shop, they’d also taken to working on small magical devices as well. This was something she’d done for free many times in her days of being a shrine maiden, but here with the inclusion of Kiril’s skills and knowledge, they were able to easily handle restorations that would have been difficult for her back then.

“We must make a good team.”

She recalled them saying things like that, smiling together.

Taciturn, unfriendly, unable to understand what he was thinking—that was the first impression she’d gotten of Kiril when she met him at the temple.

But she supposed that was just a result of his ‘mental illness’. As he was now, Kiril was bright and cheerful. He probably still couldn’t be called sociable compared to a normal person, but Elluka rather liked his sincerity.

He was always kind, and he could be a little timid sometimes. But when it came to his work he had a stubborn side too.

After countless squabbles, eventually the two of them had naturally…yes, quite naturally…fallen in love—

–The inside of the shop was fairly clean for having been busy lately.

His work tools were properly organized and put away on the shelf.

“Looks like Irina’s been coming home pretty frequently.”

“That’s because she’s such a busybody. I’m always telling her she should be more sparing about her visits so it won’t get in the way of her duties at the castle, but…”

“It’s been pretty dull where we are. I actually wonder if she’s not helping out here to distract herself, with that personality of hers.”

The previous Clockworker head…Kiril and Irina’s adoptive father, he had passed away five years ago.

From then until Elluka showed up, the shop had been run by the two of them alone.

“Well, if you’ve been busy then that means the shop is thriving even without me here, so that’s good at least.”

“I certainly wouldn’t let the shop my father left me get closed down in my time.”

The previous family head had been a former member of Apocalypse, and as such he apparently hadn’t had a very good reputation when he first opened for business. But with the way he handled his trade, opinion began to improve with time.

At the same time, after he’d atoned for his sins he’d gone on to provide aid to some of his former comrades that had been left out in the cold. Kiril and Irina themselves had supposedly been orphans of some Apocalypse members.

“…Either Irina or I will become queen very soon,” Elluka cut in, after a few moments of troubled thought.

“…That’s right.”

“When that happens, one of us won’t be able to come back here again.”

“True…but you did come here today.”

“Yeah…This might end up being the last time…So—"

Elluka embraced Kiril.
“Kiril…I love you.”

“And I you…Elluka.”

The two of them kissed for a long time.

.

–She’d be breaking curfew soon. She’d get scolded later.

But she had no intention of returning to the castle tonight.
