Rin being declared missing resulted in the Miroku family becoming an increasingly more popular topic of rumor in Enbizaka.

They would chatter on about whatever they liked, such as that someone must have had a grudge against them, or that Kai himself was actually the one who murdered his family, and so on.

Guards from the magistrate’s office came to protect the Miroku shop. Going off of the current progression of things Kai would undoubtedly be the one targeted next, so the magistrate’s response was perfectly logical.

“This awful atmosphere is going through the entire town it feels like. I really hate it,” Oyuka grumbled to Kayo, grimacing.

For the first time in a long while, the two of them were unwinding at Gonkichi’s tea shop. As they were both merchants they didn’t have a lot of opportunities to do so, but they had come there then to enjoy some delicious tea snacks together under Oyuka’s suggestion, figuring that they both needed a break once in a while.

“Oh, they’ve arrived. Here, you should have first bite, Kayo-san.”

Oyuka held tuna takoyaki that had been brought out before Kayo.

“Well then, I give thanks for the meal.” Kayo brought one to her mouth without hesitation. “Such an aromatic fishy smell, mixing with flower that practically melts in the mouth. This shop’s takoyaki is so superb.”

Oyuka smiled broadly upon seeing Kayo’s ecstatic expression.

“Everyone out there’s only talking about disturbing stories. Eating tasty food like this, it’s easy to forget such things,” Oyuka said, taking a bite of tuna takoyaki herself.

A cold wind blew past the shop front, lightly stirring up dust.

“It’s starting to get chilly out there.”

“It’ll be winter soon. But spring will come soon after. And then the sakura will be blooming around here.”

“—This is a very nice town,” Kayo declared solemnly.

“…It is, isn’t it.”

“Oyuka-san…Oyuka-san, do you like Enbizaka?”

“…Well there were a few things that I was bewildered about when I first came here. Like all these people with such vibrantly colored hair. But after living with them I see now that there’s no big difference between Jakokuans and foreigners. –As for whether I like it or not…I love it here.”

“The food is good too, hahaha.” Kayo raised her hand and called over the server. “Excuse me, may I make an order?”

“Absolutely, go ahead.”

“Two tuna takoyaki with red bean paste in them, please.”
“Coming right up.”

Taking the order down, the serve headed back to the interior of the shop.

“Kayo-san, you’re eating so much today. …You’ll get plump.”

“It’s fine. I’ll be working extra hard tomorrow.”

“I don’t deny that you’re a hard worker. Though I don’t think you can lose weight just from sewing kimono.”

“Hahaha, I guess you’re right. …Oyuka-san.” Kayo’s expression suddenly grew serious, and she stood up from her spot. Then she deeply bowed to Oyuka. “Thank you…Thank you from the bottom of my heart for everything.”

“…What’s wrong? Why so formal all of a sudden?”

“…Ha ha, it’s nothing, I just feel like it. I just figured that maybe I haven’t properly told you my thanks until today. Despite you always taking such good care of me.”

“Think nothing of it. You’d do the same for me. …I hope to continue things this way, Kayo-san.”

“…Yes!”

After giving that reply, Kayo took the red bean paste tuna takoyaki that had been brought to her and gulped it all down.

.

The very next day.

Kayo vanished from Enbizaka.
