The tailor shop without Kayo in it—Kokutan-douji was waiting there alone for her return.

When he saw human figures passing under the store sign he must have thought that it was Kayo returning. He eagerly brought his head up, as though taken aback, and looked to the entrance.

But once he saw that the human figures were only Inukichi and Saruteito, he slumped again regretfully.

“I see. Just like Inu said, looks like you’re just sitting around here, crest-fallen…yannow.” Saruteito approached Douji without sitting, looking down at him from overhead. “I came here all this way thinking you to be a man of spirit…How pathetic. Ever since we got here in Onigashima you’ve lost all the energy you had…yannow.”

Despite Saruteito’s rebuke, Douji remained looking down, not offering any defense.

“…I wonder if Kayo-san was caught up in some crime? Like the slashing murders…” he murmured, finally.

“If that’s what you think, why don’t you go out and look for her? …yannow.”

“I did. But I couldn’t find her.”

“Nevertheless, do you plan to just idly sit around here and mope without taking any other measures to find her? Isn’t she the person who might be your mother? …yannow.”

At that moment, Inukichi butted into their conversation. “Actually, that whole point has gotten kind of fishy.”

“…? What do you mean? …yannow.”

“The possibility has come up that the revelation from the mermaid in itself could have been a lie. That’s what we were told by the missionary named Elluka in the Freezis Trading House.”

“You think there’s any credibility in the words of a missionary? …yannow.”

“Well, I dunno if I can say that, but…For me at least it didn’t feel like she was just talking nonsense.”

“And Kokutan feels the same—that what you’re saying? And I guess that’s why he’s being all shaky on it…yannow.”
For a short time, Saruteito continued to look down on Douji.

And then she told him this: “…The guys at the Yarera Zusco Firm are hunting down Sudou Kayo…yannow.”

Surprised, Douji looked up at Saruteito. “They are? Why—”

“You know who they…who Kiji was originally searching for, right? If he’s ruled that they’re hunting Sudou Kayo, then in other words—you know what it means. …yannow.”

“No…it can’t be. Kayo-san can’t be…the murderer.”

Douji’s face had gone pale.

“Of course, there’s a chance that Kiji and the others have missed the mark. Whatever the case, I plan to chase after them. I have some business with Sudou Kayo as well…yannow.”

“Hey, I’ll go with you, Saru!” Inukichi vigorously raised his hand. “Kayo-san’s taken care of me, you know. I won’t just ditch her!”

“Do as you like—Kokutan, what will you do? …yannow,” Saruteito asked Douji.

He remained silent for a short time, but then finally he replied, as though steadying his resolve,

“I…will go too.”
“I’m glad for that. I can make blades, but I’m not all that great at wielding them. I can’t rely on just Inu’s fists alone…yannow.”

“You think we’ll…have to fight someone?”

“Maybe. At the very least we oughtta be prepared to get into some scuffles with the people from the Yarera Zusco Firm. They don’t seem to think too warmly of us…yannow.” As she spoke, Saruteito took out a katana that was sheathed in its scabbard and tossed it down to him. “’Kyousen’—I return to you the katana that you entrusted me with. …yannow.”

“…Thank you, Saruteito.”

Douji stood and pulled out his armor that he had been keeping in the dresser, putting it on.

Then he affixed the katana he had received from Saruteito to his hip.

“Saruteito. Where are Kiji and the others now?”

“They’re currently all gathered at the base of Mount Inasa to the north…yannow.”

“Mount Inasa, huh—Alright, let’s go.”

Douji passed through them to head outside the tailor shop.

After that, Saruteito and Inukichi followed suit.

“Heh heh.”

Inukichi clapped Saruteito on the back.

“Knew I could count on you, Saru. You can always expect the eldest to be dependable in times like these!”
“…You better shut up about my age.”

“…”

“…”

“…Forget it.”

“–! …Yannow!”
