Kayo had gone missing—

But then, that was only to the world at large.

Naturally, I had known where she was the entire time.

Because the scissors in which I dwell were always with her.

There was an abandoned temple around halfway up Mount Inasa.

Kayo had been lurking inside this unmanned temple.

I had thought that perhaps Kayo’s leaving Enbizaka had been because Kiji and his people had begun to suspect her—but then, why would she have picked this place to hide in?

I couldn’t read Kayo’s mind. So at that time, I as yet didn’t know the reason for her actions.

But now I am able to understand quite clearly.
Kayo knew from a dream.

That on that day, in that place—he would arrive.

.

A man climbed up the mountain.

The man was skin and bones, coming alone without anyone companions beside him.

Gradually growing out of breath.

.

The sight of this desolate mountain temple entered this man’s line of sight as he grew exhausted.

He couldn’t sense anyone there.

He likely thought that he’d rest a little while.

And so he entered the mountain temple grounds.

.

“You look exhausted.”

.

When a voice suddenly came at him from behind, the man gave a start and turned around towards it.

Standing there was a beautiful woman.

“Excuse me…I seem to have surprised you,” the woman said, smiling.
“A—Ah…No, I should be apologizing…I honestly didn’t think there would be anyone here,” the man replied, staggering a little.

“…”

The woman kept smiling.

But didn’t say a word.

“It’s nice to meet you, good day,” the man greeted.

“—Yes, good day.”

The woman was still smiling.

It was an expression that looked like a smile.

“Why are you in a place like this?” the man asked.

“…I am Sudou Kayo. I am the one who works—worked—as a tailor in Enbizaka.”

“Ah, you’re Kayo-san, are you? I heard you helped out my wife quite a bit, when she was alive.”

The man lightly bowed his head.

“I’d heard that you went missing; why have you been living in a place like th—“ The man’s mouth suddenly stopped as he was about to continue the conversation. “A—ah…”

He seemed to have finally noticed something, looking at Kayo’s appearance a second time.

“What is the matter?” Kayo asked.

“That red kimono you’re wearing…I recognize it.”

“…I suppose you would.”

“Th…that’s—Mei’s kimono! I’m certain of it! That’s the one I made for my wife!” That man cried, pointing to Kayo’s red kimono.

“That’s exactly right, Kai-san.”

“And that’s not all! That…obi. That green obi—“

“Yes. This is the one that your daughter Miku wore on her body. And,” Kayo took out the yellow tortoiseshell hairpin and put it in her hair. “This is the hairpin that you bought for Rin-chan.”

“That and the kimono and obi were items stolen from their dead bodies…It can’t be…that means you’re—“

“Correct. I killed all of them,” Kayo replied, still smiling.

Kai collapsed to his hindquarters and asked Kayo, shrinking away from her, “How could you?…Why…would you do such a—“

“—You see, for some time now I have begun to have regularly this strange dream.”

“A—a dream?”

“In the dream, I met you—and was convinced that you were my own husband.”

Kayo slowly drew closer to Kai.

“And I witnessed you together with another woman, and as a result of my envy I killed her—she who wore the red kimono.”

Kai, trembling, continued to back away from her.

“And further still the woman in the green obi, the girl with the yellow hairpin—one by one I killed those close to you. Because I was convinced that all of them were extramarital affairs.”

Kayo drew closer, and Kai backed away.

“And in the end, I lay in wait at this mountain temple to see you. And here, you said ‘Nice to meet you, good day’.”

Kayo drew two pairs of scissors from the folds of her kimono, and carried them in both hands.

“There I grew indignant, and cut your body to pieces.”

“Aa—aaah—“

Already exhausted, Kai had no energy left to fight back.

“–Just before your death, you informed me of something. And so now I…know the truth. Including why you came up to this mountain shrine today.”

“Y…you know? What’ll happen to Enbizaka if I’m killed and it all goes public…Or rather, what’ll happen to Onigashima as a whole—”

“Of course. I saw that in the dream as well. Even so, though I try…I cannot forgive you!”

Kayo brought the western scissors in her right hand down on Kai’s throat.

“Guuugh!”

Kai gave out a croaking scream.

Blood gushed from his neck.

“Come then, let’s begin tailoring—let’s begin my final work.”

She then stabbed the eastern scissors in her left hand into Kai’s stomach.

Then his right arm.

His left arm.

His right leg.

His left leg.

In succession.

Neatly.

And very rapidly.

She cut Kai’s body apart.

The area around them became progressively changed into a sea of blood.
.

Several hours later.

Standing there.

Was a lump of flesh floating in that sea of blood, no longer discernible as having been a human being.

And, stained in that blood all over.

Was a single oni.
