At the foot of Mount Inasa, Kokutan-douji and his two companions were enclosed on all sides by men wearing suits.

The suited men were all employees of the Yarera Zusco Firm. Douji and the others had been tailing them as they searched for Kayo, but evidently they’d been spotted.

“—What are you following us for? Answer, dammit!” a black suited man yelled coercively at the three of them.

“…It’s not out of any particular malice. We were just trying to meet with Kayo-san,” Douji calmly replied.

But the suited men didn’t seem satisfied with that.

“Sudou Kayo is our prey. We can’t have meddlers like you tagging along.”

“Why are you hunting Kayo-san?”
“We think she killed Kiji’s girlfriend, Miku.”

“On what grounds?”

“…I ain’t gotta answer a single one of your questions.”

Saruteito stepped up before the men. “If you suspect Kayo of being the murderer, then shouldn’t you be telling that to the people at the Magistrate’s office? …yannow.”

“Can’t do that. Kiji-sama’s requested to kill the culprit himself.”

“—So, he still has no intention of giving up on his vengeance…yannow.”

At that moment the men in suits parted, and another person appeared there.

“’I won’t let you off easy if you make a wrong move’…I’m quite sure I told you that, Saruteito.”

“Kiji…Still wearing that tasteless outfit, I see…yannow,” Saruteito said, gazing at the pure white suit that Kiji was wearing.

“I don’t think you’re in any position to be critiquing my fashion sense. How about you stop wasting my time here and go back to your search for your blades, huh?”

“Unfortunately, I need to see Sudou Kayo to search for the blades…yannow.”

Kiji and Saruteito glared at each other.

“…”

“…”

Watching them, Inukichi whispered to Douji, “Hey, Kokutan.”
“What is it?”

“Shouldn’t we be beating all these jerks back right here?”

“…Don’t go around needlessly starting fights. Our aim isn’t to beat them.”

“So you say. Looks to me like they wanna kill Kayo-san. We can’t just let them do that, can we?”

“…”

Douji looked to be mulling worriedly over what they should do next.

Kiji for his part appeared to be doing the same.

“—Well, alright. Our first priority is finding Kayo.” Kiji raised his right hand, and all of the men in suits behind him snapped to attention at once. “I’ll allow you to travel with us. We’re chasing after a woman who committed such gruesome murders without issue, after all. She might have some unexpected degree of ability. Couldn’t hurt to have more skilled allies with us.”

“…We have no intention of becoming your ‘allies’, and we’re not planning to kill Kayo.”

“Whatever. Whatever the case you’re the same in that you can’t just leave Sudou Kayo be, correct? Kokutan-douji.”

“…”

“Our destination is a ruined temple set in the heart of the mountain. I received word from my subordinates that Kayo was hiding out there. Our investigation’ll be a lot harder once the sun goes down, so let’s hurry.”
Kiji turned towards the entrance to the mountain path and started walking towards it.

The men in suits, as well as Douji and Inukichi, all followed after him.

–But Saruteito alone, still standing where she was, looked toward the mountain and shouted, “Wait! …yannow.”

Upon hearing that, everyone turned back towards her.

“What’s up, Saru? Do you hafta go to the privy?”

“You really are an idiot, Inu. That’s not it—someone’s coming down the mountain.”

Saruteito pointed up to the mountain.

“Really? I can’t see them that well…” Inukichi replied, squinting in the direction that Saruteito was pointing.

“—It’s Sudou Kayo.”

It was Kiji who replied next.

“You’re certain, Kiji?” Douji asked.

“Yeah. I’ve got confidence in my eyesight—but…her appearance…Looks like she’s heading this way.”

As he spoke, a faint tremble appeared in Kiji’s eyes.

Just as Kiji said, Kayo was coming down the mountain towards them…And eventually, she was near the base where Douji and the others were.
Once she had gotten that far, everyone else outside of Kiji could clearly see what Kayo looked like.

And everyone was frozen to the spot, speechless.

“…”

“…”

“…”

Kayo’s entire body was stained black.

A black kimono, a black obi, a black hairpin.

Black arms, black legs, black face.

And everyone could tell that this was a result of discolored blood spray.

“…Kayo-san.”

Douji spoke with great difficulty, in a hoarse voice.

Kayo appeared to have noticed Kiji and those assembled with him, leisurely making her way toward them.

When she saw that Douji was among the group, Kayo looked sad for a moment. But that quickly changed to a befuddled, relieved smile.

“Oh my…Nice to meet you, everyone.”

Kayo stood before the group, and then spread her arms wide and bowed, as though to show herself off to them all.

And then said, in this way:
.

“How is it? Aren’t I—beautiful?”

–Kiji immediately drew his sword and went to slash Kayo with it, but was stopped by Kokutan-douji. While the two of them were quarreling, people from the magistrate’s office arrived from town and took Kayo under arrest.

“…”

Elluka continued to write in her notebook, silently listening to the story.

The next day Kai’s miserable corpse was discovered at the mountain temple. One month later, Kayo was charged for all of her crimes at a trial held by the magistrate’s office…and she was sentenced to be executed. One week after that, Kayo was beheaded at the one execution site at the top of the hill, and that head is now on display before the site.

“…”

And with that, my story has now come to an end.

Elluka stopped writing.

“…Pardon.”

Yes, what is it?
“You’ve been talking at length this entire time, but now that we’re finishing up you’re ending things in a hurry.”

The time after Kayo was arrested is unique. I don’t have a lot of details I can tell you about it…

“That so? But the way I hear it around here there were various troubles after Kayo’s execution was determined?”

…To tell the truth, around the time that Kayo was captured for some reason my awareness would grow weaker more often. So…this last part of the story is something I merely gleaned from the rumors the townspeople were telling of it.

“Your awareness grew weaker? Is that still happening?”

No…I had almost completely lost all consciousness right before Kayo’s death, but then at some point after that my mental state returned to its usual vivid awareness. –However, at that time Kayo’s head was already put up before the execution site, exposed to the air.

“I see…” Elluka once more started to think. “—I wonder if it was ‘anti-demonia’…”

…What is that?

“The other ‘Vessel of Deadly Sin’ that you mentioned earlier that wasn’t the scissors or the mirror—it has a unique power that the other vessels do not. The ability to weaken and degrade the power of the ‘Demons of Deadly Sin’ that dwell in the other vessels…I have named that power ‘anti-demonia’.”

So you’re saying that the change in my awareness was due to that power?
“You aren’t a ‘Demon of Deadly Sin’. …But given that you exist inside a ‘Vessel of Deadly Sin’, there’s no guarantee that you can escape from ‘anti-demonia’’s influence. Or, it’s also possible that ‘anti demonia’ weakened the ‘Vessel of Deadly Sin’ itself, and as a result you inside it were influenced by that. –All of this is just conjecture, however. There are still a lot of things I don’t know about that ‘Vessel of Deadly Sin’.”

…

“—Well then.”

Elluka closed her notebook and stood.

Yes…With that, the entirety of my story was finished.

In other words, that meant that I was no longer of any use to her.

Elluka picked up the two scissors.

You…are going to erase me, aren’t you?

But–Elluka shook her head, and smiled.

“No…Not yet.”

…Hm?

“I’ve still got a little more time until the ship departs. Before that—there’s one other person I must meet with.”

Elluka put the scissors into the folds of her outfit.

“Even you must have a few things you’d like to say to ‘her’ before you disappear, yes?”

…Elluka-san. You–know, don’t you. Who I am.
“The affection you held for Kayo that I could glimpse during the pauses in your story—I’m not so thick-headed that I couldn’t pick up on that.”

Passing under the sign, Elluka exited the tailor shop.

The sky was without a single cloud, and there were many people walking about Enbizaka.

Among the people walking from the top of the hill, I saw the monk that Kokutan-douji had been speaking to earlier.

“The weather’s nice…The sea should be calm on a day like today.”

You know…where she is staying?

“I wouldn’t be looking for her if I didn’t know her true identity. After resting carefully for a whole year I have now regained my magical power, the same as it was in my heyday. My investigative abilities have risen as well. …Well, they failed when it came to the mirror, albeit.”

Elluka lightly patted on her breast pocket, wherein she had placed the scissors.

“Come then, let’s get going, shall we—Kagura-san.”

She began to walk towards the sea.
