There was a clash of great power—and born as a result was “Ma”.

As a conglomeration of three sorceresses, she had in her possession all of their memories.

But she herself was not any of them. She had done little more than simply inherit the memories of strangers.

Ma had no father, and no mother. And she could not age.

Without even knowing the meaning of her being alive, she set out on a journey. She went through many countries, and met with many people.

People each built various histories, and led various lives. Regardless of gender, age, wealth, everyone each had their own reason to live.

Before she knew it, Ma had started keeping record of the stories she heard from these people in notebooks. Eventually the number of notebooks in her possession exceeded ten, later one hundred volumes.

Not a single one of the lives written within them was the same. Everyone had been granted by “god” a “story” that was just for them.

Ma thought this was unfair.

–“God” did not give that to me.

.

That would not change no matter how many of people’s “stories” she wrote down, even if she obtained a different body through the “Swap Technique”.

A stranger’s life would never be hers.

…But that didn’t mean the knowledge she’d obtained was without use.

The things she saw with her own eyes, the things she’d heard.

By analyzing all of it, the answer she arrived at was—

The fact that this world would fall to ruin eventually.

.

Even when that time came, everyone would probably just continue existing as souls.

–As long as they were someone whose existence was proven.

But that wasn’t the case for her. She, who had been given nothing by “god”, would disappear completely when her physical body died—that was what Ma concluded.

In order to avert that, she needed to prove her own existence.

By her own hand, she would create that which “god” had not given her.

.

Ma’s character was one that took shape through the melding of three sorceresses.

It wasn’t really hers.
In order for Ma to stay Ma.

In order to become a “pure being”.

Getting in the way of that was the minds of the sorceresses sleeping within her—that was what she came to think.

In order to remove them, she started to gather the “Vessels of Deadly Sin”.

So that she could borrow the demons’ power and expel those unnecessary minds.

.

She didn’t fuse with the demons.

For she couldn’t become a “pure being” that way.

They simply became a kind of shell that protected Ma’s existence.

Ma had been steadily gathering the “Vessels of Deadly Sin”, and the demons’ power, but at the same time a sense of dismay had spread within her heart.

–This shell was weak.

–A “pure being” could not incubate inside it.

.

Before she could achieve her goal, Ma was killed by her daughter…Nemesis.

And there, for the first time she realized something.

The most adequate material for her shell was not the demons—it was the people whom the demons had caused to have malice sprout within them.
.

She just narrowly averted being erased thanks to the “Doll Director”’s mercy.

But she didn’t have a lot of time left.

At that moment, Ma possessed the “Pride Contractor” who was nearby and made it her shell.

And then she slept inside her, waiting for when the time was right.

.

…The journey that led up to this point.

That, itself, was surely Ma’s own “story”—

But she had yet to realize that.
