The second course is “Cupid Horn neck soup”.

We take the neck of the “Cupid Horn” sheep that lives in abundance in the island of Marlon, finely slice it, mix it with plentiful potatoes and herbs, and then boil it with just a little bit of “Jakoku Sauce” to bring out the flavor. It’s a soup that you might not have many opportunities to taste here on the mainland, but it is apparently eaten quite often in Marlon.

–Hm? You already know of it?

–Oh I see. So you’re a native of Marlon, sir.

Right now it is unified with the various countries of the mainland, but in the era Banica Conchita lived both the country of Marlon and the country of Lioness existed on the island of Marlon, and they were in the middle of battling for hegemony.

The country of Marlon was gaining the upper hand in the state of affairs at the time, but the king back then, Charon Marlon, was apparently planning on strengthening his relationship with the Beelzenian Empire, a great country that owned one half of the land of Evillious as its territory, in order to increase the power his country wielded yet further.

The Beelzenian empress had a similar idea. Due to the “Venomania Event” that happened in year 136, and the rebellion in relation with that that was instigated by Karchess Crim, the connection between Beelzenia and Marlon was much weaker than it had been in the past. That was a looming matter for the ruler of the Beelzenian Empire, Empress Juno.

There was one method that was the most simple and effective for strengthening the connection between their countries–and that was to create a relationship by marriage between the imperial family and the royal family.

However, at that time all of the marriable people of the Beelzenian family were men, and all of the candidates in the Marlon royal family were similarly all male.

And so the one who ended up being selected for the role was the daughter of Duke Conchita’s family, Banica. She was related to the Beelzenian imperial family. She was young and eligible at fifteen years old, and so there were discussions of an engagement between her and the third prince of Marlon, Carlos.

Having been forced to part with their position in Beelzenia due to their scandal, the Conchita family were hardly liable to turn that down.

And so for the first time Banica ended up leaving from the land of Beelzenia where she had been born and raised, and going towards the country on the other side of the western sea, the country of Marlon–

Carlos Marlon was sullen.

–Certainly, at present, he supposed he hadn’t really been carrying out his role as befitting a prince. Thanks to his weak constitution from birth he hadn’t carried out any public business very well compared to his older brothers, and he was utterly hopeless in sword fighting. And when it came to the question of whether or not he did well in academic pursuits, he was lacking there, too.

However, he was without dispute a prince of Marlon, third in line for the throne. There was no need for him to show himself in public just to toady up to the common man. When it came to war, he was better off leaving it to soldiers with brute strength as their only redeeming feature. As for government? There was a mountain of capable ministers and government officials in Marlon, wasn’t there?

There was probably little chance of him actually inheriting the throne…That’s clearly what everyone thought. They only ever tried to schmooze his brothers.

And now, finally, there was this indignance. In the end his father, his mother, and even his brothers saw him as nothing more than a tool.

Strengthen our relationship with the Beelzenian Empire? They intend to sell me off for something like that–?

“I’m not getting married.”

The audience hall in the Right Palace of Marlon Castle. It was decorated with several paintings, and there was an enormous chandelier on the ceiling. A twin-headed dragon was depicted with gold embroidery on a blue carpet.

King Charon Marlon, sitting enshrined in an oak chair deeper in the room, cast a stern look at his son Carlos who had just declared his refusal to go along with the engagement.

“…Do you intend to abandon your duty as a member of the royal family, Carlos?”

The king looked down on him with indifferent eyes. From his tone he surprisingly didn’t sound angry, but on the other hand he also didn’t seem like he intended to consider Carlos’ wishes in the least. An air of forcible intimidation weighed heavily on Carlos’ body.

“Up until this point I’ve overlooked a great deal of your selfishness out of pity for your weak condition. But I can’t do that this time. A connection with the Empire of Beelzenia…it’s essential for the ultimate goal of our kingdom, the unification of the island of Marlon–”

“I’m not saying that I won’t do a political marriage. Even my brothers had to, after all. …But whatever the circumstances may be it’s just way too sudden to be talking about it now!”

“It’s not really all that sudden. It’s something I’ve been discussing with that empress for a while now.”

The “Empress” that the king spoke of was the current Emperor of Beelzenia, Empress Juno.

Joining forces with the country of Marlon would likely be beneficial for Beelzenia, as they had recently begun to lose the might of their golden age.

“So in other words you’re saying that this is something you pushed ahead on your own without consulting me about it? I can’t stand that! And even worse, I’ve heard that my betrothed isn’t even a member of the Imperial family! Just some subordinate Duke’s daughter!”

“They say there aren’t any unmarried women in the Beelzenian Imperial family right now, so there really isn’t any other way. And the Conchita family is one of Beelzenia’s ‘Five Dukes’, and moreover is of blood relation to the Beelzenian Imperial family. I certainly don’t think you’ll be lacking in anything with such a companion.”

“You say they’re of the ‘Five Dukes’ but isn’t the Conchita family those upstarts that were only just selected for that in the last few years? Not only that, but I heard that the current head of the family, Muzuri, was ejected from his position as lord five years ago after being censured for his misgovernment. With the daughter of such a family as my bride…the Marlon royalty’s will be made a laughingstock!”

The king made not the slightest flinch at Carlos’ caustic words, however he did fold his arms and appear to think a moment, as though sensing some reason in what his son was saying.

“…Nevertheless, this arrangement has already been decided. Tomorrow the daughter of the Conchita family is crossing the sea and coming here to Marlon. We can’t refuse her now, whatever the reason.“

"The wedding ceremony’s not going to be held right after we meet, is it?”

“This is just a meeting…I’m not that heartless. There are some things we have to do to prepare, after all. In the meanwhile, you can find some time to deepen your relationship with the girl…so there is that.”

Upon hearing that, Carlos’ expression grew slightly sharper.

“…So then, does that mean that if there’s any serious gaff on my or her side, then this engagement will be called off?”

The king could make a rough guess as to what it was that Carlos was planning.

He made a deep sigh, and afterwards said, in a warning tone, “Carlos. If you do anything to mess this up, know that you just may end up deprived of your birthright as heir.“

"…My chances of being king are exceedingly low anyway, aren’t they? So then–”

“To lose your inheritance–do you understand what that would mean? To put it another way, you would stop being my son. And as you would no longer be a prince, you would no longer have any reason to be allowed to live in the castle.”

He spoke quietly, but this was without a doubt a threat directed at Carlos.

“…Well then, what should I do?”

“You don’t have to do anything. For now, just greet Lady Banica politely tomorrow as a Marlon gentleman. Your rudeness, namely, is the embarrassment of Marlon. Never forget that you are shouldering part of the prestige of this country.”

“…”

“That’s enough, this conversation is over. You’re dismissed.“

And there, Carlos was driven from the audience hall.

So I guess in the end they’re going to just ignore what I want.

Carlos was sullen alright.
