The king, the queen, and Carlos’ siblings were away from the castle at Cesta in the northwest for official business.

I guess they’ve left me behind again.

Unlike when he was a child Carlos’ health was no longer so serious that he couldn’t go on long trips, but it had become somewhat typical for him to not participate as long as it wasn’t any serious public matter.

For that reason, dinner that day ended up being just between him and Banica.

Her retainers had their meals prepared in a separate area, but immediately after Banica and Carlos started to dig into their food the twins boisterously sprinted into their room.

The first to speak was the girl—Arte.

“This is terrible, Lady Banica! The food here tastes like shit!”

Next was the boy—Pollo, who spoke to Arte in the hope of pacifying her. “Don’t say something like that, Arte. The flavor’s just a little weak, that’s all.”

“It’s not that it’s weak. Don’t you people use any seasoning in this!? It’s like eating tree bark! Uagh, it’s just the worst, uuuugh”

“Well, there’s certainly some subtle flavor there! Or well, there’s hardly any flavor at all, but! It’s great if you’re just trying to fill your stomach!”

“You’re hopeless! Cooking is quality over quantity! Making me eat this food that tastes like pig slop…Lady Banica, this means war! There is no option but war!”

Carlos called for the guard standing in front of the room, and then wordlessly gave him orders with his eyes. The guard, also wordlessly, nodded and then moved to stand behind Arte and Pollo, who were continuing to cause a scene. He picked up Arte with his right arm, and Pollo with his left, and then left the room.

“…I’m sorry. For these children who have no manners,” Banica apologized to Carlos, embarrassed.

“Really. We should have the head retainer give them a stern talking to later. Have those two never eaten a meal since they arrived here in this country?”

“I guess they ate too much candy on the boat…So Ron got mad and didn’t have their meals prepared for them last night and this morning.”

“So that means they were whining because the food that got made for them while they were practically starving was so bad.”

“I’m really sorry…”

“It’s fine.”

It didn’t feel all that good to have the meals he ate every day get criticized like that, but people each had their own tastes. Carlos wasn’t so narrow minded as to lose his temper over something like that, and he didn’t want to be thought of that way either.

Carlos suddenly wanted to ask Banica’s opinion on it. She had simply been eating the food that had been brought to her without really offering her impressions. But she must have some kind of opinion, liking food as she did.

“By the by, what’s your thoughts on it, Banica? The same as the twins’?” Carlos asked.

Banica set her knife and fork down for a moment.

“I do have some…” She seemed to be wondering how she should respond for a short period, but eventually she opened her mouth, appearing to have made her decision. “To be frank, it’s true that the flavor is much weaker than that of Beelzenian cuisine.”

“Oh, I see. I guess to me that’s just normal.”

“But maybe that’s just a difference in nationality and culture. Beelzenia has had spices and seasonings from the orient flowing through it since olden times, but I’ve heard that Marlon hardly uses anything like that in their cuisine.”

Spices…Carlos had never really heard of anything like that being used in cooking. Of course, he probably just didn’t know because he had no particular interest in food.

“Well then, if we use those spices and the like in our food will it taste better?”

Banica tilted her head a little at Carlos’ question.

“I don’t think so…Like you said earlier, Prince Carlos, I think because the people of Marlon are used to this flavor, applying too much spice without thought might conversely make it taste too rich. So then we would need a little bit of testing and some variety of spice or seasoning that would preserve the subtlety of it while still bringing out its flavor potential.”

Ah, so it seemed this girl’s fastidiousness when it comes to food was the real deal. Carlos was a little bit impressed.

Even more, now that the topic had turned to food Banica’s earlier, tight-lipped attitude had suddenly changed to become animated and loquacious.

“Maybe you should try using this.”

She abruptly pulled out a bottle filled with a black liquid from her pocket.

“What’s that?“

”‘Jakoku Sauce’. It’s a secret eastern flavoring that’s rare to come by even in Beelzenia. Please try putting just a little drop of this in the soup.“

Doing as instructed, Carlos put the liquid in the bottle he’d been given into the soup. He puzzled over whether he should put something in his mouth that hadn’t been tested for poison, but he figured that if it was something she’d prepared for him it was probably okay.

Once he had actually had a spoonful of the soup, he could tell it was very different now.

If he could put it in simple words…it was extremely tasty.

"With only a little bit put in, the flavor has become entirely nice and mellow. And the little bit of stimulation towards my throat is pleasant too.”

The flavor was so addictive that he was seized by the impulse to forgo the spoon, pick up the soup dish and pour it into his mouth in one gulp.

“I’m so glad you like it.”

When Banica heard what Carlos thought of it, she grinned happily.

Carlos was suddenly struck by how cute her smile looked, and flusteredly averted his eyes.

To try and cover that up, he returned the topic to seasoning.

“…Are you always carrying that sauce around?”

“'Jakoku Sauce’ is a magic flavoring. It brings a new world to pretty much any food I put it in. Aside from this one I have two other flavorings that I never go anywhere without.”

He was curious about what exactly those remaining two were. When Carlos earnestly asked her, Banica smiled just a little bit mischievously.

“Hoho, then I’ll show you when we have dinner tomorrow. –Well, I’m stuffed.”

At some point, she had finished eating her whole meal.
