As the days and months passed, Carlos found that he was starting to enjoy the time that he spent with Banica.

Almost everything she talked about had to do with food, but as he’d almost never stepped foot on the mainland Carlos found the contents of her stories to be fresh information.

Furthermore, whenever Banica talked about food she was so elaborate and overflowing with realism that Carlos was able to easily imagine in his mind dishes that he had never so much as seen before, heavily stimulating his hunger. It was to the point where Carlos, who held no interest towards food himself, had readily started to think that he’d like to go to the mainland sometime if he had the chance and sample the cuisine that she so often talked about.

And if he went to the mainland he’d need some specialist with him. Dish ingredients, seasoning, history…without any knowledge on those subjects, his way of enjoying food must have been exceptionally different. And when it came to someone who qualified for that…he doubted there was anyone around who knew more about food than Banica.

Maybe it wouldn’t be so bad to travel to the mainland with her. He had heard that she hadn’t set foot in any countries on the mainland outside of Beelzenia–Asmodean, Elphegort, and Holy Levianta that was only founded just recently. And those various countries must also have their own particular food cultures to them.

He probably wasn’t ever going to have that chance to be crowned king come his way, and ever since he was a child in times when he couldn’t go outside he’d wanted with all his heart to try and let loose for a change. His physical health was much better now than it had been in the past. As long as he kept his medicine on hand, he wasn’t liable to find himself collapsing at the end of a journey.

Going around the country with Banica was fun. She wasn’t a very lively type, but he was able to relax a little bit just by her being there beside him. Perhaps it was because she didn’t bore Carlos with her art of conversation on cuisine, or perhaps it was because she maintained a calm attitude, never getting angry or objecting whenever Carlos would inadvertently say something disagreeable. Or maybe that was just a result of her fuller figure.

Well, actually taking a trip just the two of them would likely be difficult. Those annoying twin retainers would almost certainly be tagging along, and Carlos himself wasn’t allowed to leave the country unescorted–

–I’m getting way ahead of myself here. We haven’t even been married yet.

Carlos had been informed by the king that the preparations towards the wedding ceremony were slated to begin in earnest once the new year began. He hadn’t given a definite answer yet, but Carlos no longer felt any desire to oppose the engagement of himself and Banica.

A politically arranged marriage–It doesn’t matter what started it. I don’t dislike Banica. And I’m sure she feels the same way. She’s come to smile so much more often now than she did at first.

…The thing that concerned him a little was that lately Banica would sometimes show just the slightest bit of exhaustion on her face every now and then. And–while this might not have been a bad thing necessarily–she had gotten a little bit thinner than before.

She had been staying in Marlon for a long time. Maybe she was getting a little bit homesick.
