No matter how far west he headed, spurring his horse into a gallop, the cityscape he had once been so familiar with never revealed itself.

What the sun above his head illuminated instead was scorched earth, and the odd bit of rubble remaining…Proof that the country that had once been here had been destroyed, and erased from history.

Though he had the ruins of his lost homeland before his eyes, Nyoze didn’t a shed a tear.

His grief, he had left behind in the land of Asmodean with his wife and child.

Above all else, his priority was to search for survivors.

.

The legacy of the gods, and magic spells—the Magic Kingdom that had boasted of great splendor as a result of these strengths had, one day, suddenly fallen into ruin.

To the people of other countries at least, this had been a catastrophe that occurred without so much as an omen, and thus the event served to bring horror, fear, and chaos into their hearts.

To greater and lesser degrees, their neighboring countries had received many blessings from the Magic Kingdom. Goods, business, military strength…on various fronts. The “Country of Purple” Asmodean would itself undoubtedly see setbacks soon now that the Magic Kingdom’s aid for its long-ongoing war with the country to its south had been cut off.

It was for that reason that the king of Asmodean had granted Nyoze a small cavalry unit and permitted him to return to his homeland.

The king’s objective was obvious.

To get his hands on the “legacy of the gods” that the magic kingdom had been founded on before any of the other countries could

…Assuming such things are even still around, that is, Nyoze muttered internally as he gazed at the devastated scenery before him.

Automated carriages, water purification devices, iron manufacture plants…all of the magical articles that had been made use of within the magic kingdom had, by the looks of things, been utterly destroyed.

He still didn’t know how far the scope of the catastrophe had spread. But if the area under the surface of the ground was untouched, then there still remained some chance of excavating new “legacy” pieces.

But even if they were able to obtain them…Nyoze couldn’t picture the people of Asmodean, without any magical ability themselves, being able to use them.

Well, I couldn’t care either way.

Yes, he couldn’t be bothered. For Nyoze such things were little more than a pretext.

His goal lay elsewhere.

To hunt for the true cause of this catastrophe.

Nyoze continued to spur on his horse.

There was no one around him. Though the rest of the cavalry unit should still be bringing up the rear behind him, he couldn’t see them from here. It was understandable given that most of the horses they were riding couldn’t run fast, but it did make him wonder how long it would have taken to reach his destination if he’d been keeping pace with them.

He had lost all the composure in his heart upon seeing with his own eyes the terrible spectacle of the land in which he’d grown up—Nyoze himself was well aware of that. But even so, he couldn’t stop.
