To tell the truth, Nyoze did have some inkling of what had happened regarding this “Leviantan Catastrophe”.

He had been, after all, a member of the senate that had served as the backbone of the Magic Kindom.

That “Project” that the senate had secretly been pushing ahead…There could be no doubt that it was heavily involved in what had transpired now.

So then the place I ought to go first is Alicegrad Castle…No, perhaps before that, the city of Lighwatch.

There were twelve capitals at the heart of the Magic Kingdom.

Nyoze was sure he was quite close to the city of Lighwatch that served as one of those capitals.

But the houses that should have been there were nowhere to be seen.

Only a little more rubble than there had been previously.

The horse that he was riding on suddenly came to a stop.

It appeared unwilling to progress through the rubble. When he looked closer, he saw that mixed in with that rubble was an assortment of sharp debris such as iron scraps and pieces of glass.

Reluctantly, Nyoze got down to his feet. Being a well-trained horse from Asmodean, he wouldn’t need to fasten it to anything to keep it from running away from him.

Upon another glance around at his surroundings, he confirmed to himself that he could sense no sign of people.

No. There…are people, I suppose…”

In the rubble to his left.

He could see a pale something that was neither iron nor glass sticking out of a gap.

That was unmistakably…a human limb.

He didn’t have the nerve to pull it out. There wasn’t a chance that the owner of that rotting leg was still alive anyhow.

It wasn’t corpses that Nyoze was searching for. It was living people.

Though he kept his ears open, all he could hear was the faint sound of wind.

The great hustle and bustle that used to fill the city of Lighwatch was now no m–

–No, wait. I can…hear something. Is this…music?

.

Lu li la.

Lu li la.

.

A continuous metallic sound.

It had a systematic noise and rhythm.

.

Lu li la.

Lu li la.

.

It…didn’t sound like it was being performed with musical instruments.

I feel like I’ve heard it somewhere before…

.

Lu li la.

Lu li la.

Lu li la.

.

As he strained his ears further to determine where the sound was coming from, it happened.

“If only…If only…”

The frail voice that he could hear from behind him was enough to startle Nyoze.

When he turned around, he saw a short old woman there.

There were burn scars over the right half of her body.

“Ooh…” As the old woman looked upon Nyoze’s face, she gave out a sound of admiration. “Could it be…Lord Gammon, Lord Gammon is that you!?”

Nyoze apologetically shook his head.

“No, I’m not the senate head. I’m his younger brother, Nyoze.”

“Ah…Please pardon me for the mix-up. But the fact remans that you are a senator from the Loop Octopus clan. Everyone will be so happy to hear that a senator has survived.”

“—Are there any others? Survivors, that is.”

“Yes, yes, there are…But everyone is starving. And there are many at death’s door from their wounds.” The old woman grasped at Nyoze’s legs. “Senator. Please…help us.”

Nyoze nodded his head as hard as he could.

At some point, he had stopped hearing that mysterious sound.

.

According to what the old woman told him, there were dozens of survivors inside the ruins of Lighwatch temple, the place she brought him to.

There were those who were relatively healthy, and there were some that could only lay there in a pitiful state, soon to die.

“Is there anyone who can treat their wounds? What about the Lighwatch shrine maidens who used to live here?”

The old woman shook her head at Nyoze’s question. “The shrine maidens and the priests had all died by the time we arrived here. And not just here. Many have perished, to the point where the entire city has become filled with corpses.”

Apparently the younger survivors were trying to band together and bury as many of those corpses as they could.

Even so, there were still many of the dead in places where they could not be excavated from the rubble.

“The emergency reserves of food and medicine in the temple have almost depleted. At this rate—"

“I get the picture. Please wait here a minute…Do you have anything you can burn?”

The old woman sent a young man to fetch him some kindling. Using this, Nyoze set up a signal fire to send a message to the distant cavalry.

“The aid unit from Asmodean will arrive shortly. They should be able to bring you what you need.”

“Oh, bless you, bless you…”

The old woman brought her hands together in gratitude.

Nyoze once more looked around the ruins of the temple.

And his attention caught on a peculiar gathering of people kneeling towards one of the corners.

There was a burnt shrine before them, and atop it sat a wooden effigy in the shape of a person.

“Is that—"

Its hair was long, but it seemed to be depicting a man.

Several men and women were offering up prayer to it.

The old woman reached out to stop Nyoze as he started to head towards it.

“P-please go easy on them…”

On seeing her flustered expression, Nyoze understood.

“So, that really is—an effigy of Held.”

The forest god, Held—a being that had been declared a false god in the Magic Kingdom, with all worship of him forbidden.

Moreover…Lighwatch temple was a place that had been under suspicion of venerating Held in secret.

For his part, Nyoze had no inclination to stop their prayers, or to censure them for their crime.

The real issue was…why these refugees, who were not themselves Lighwatch shrine maidens, were worshipping a false god.

It was relatively simple to guess at the answer to that.

It could only be…that “something” had occurred in this country that would cause them to stop believing in their proper gods.

“So then the catastrophe—was the doing of our gods.”

The old woman tilted her head curiously at Nyoze’s murmur. “Lord Senator…Did you not see it? That…terrifyingly enormous twin-headed dragon that flew through the air?”

“I…wasn’t here. I wasn’t in the country then. Though it’s not like I saw nothing of it at all. I could see for myself the figure of a dragon, even in Asmodean to the far east.”

“I see…”

Nyoze had known.

That the anger of the gods would one day turn everything to ashes.

That the “queen” had received an oracle detailing as much.

And that though the senate had tried to enact a “project” to avert that…

They had most likely failed.

“Could you tell me…what exactly happened in this country?”

The old woman nodded at his question, and slowly began to tell the tale.

“It was an exceedingly frightening sight…The day they were holding the new queen’s coronation ceremony at the royal castle… At that time, I had been gathering up some fruit that had fallen from a tree in my garden. My grandkids love the jam I make out of crushing that red fruit, you see…Well, anyway, I had hit a stopping point in my work and just happened to glance in the direction of the castle.”

“…”

“There was a light. Yes, a dazzling green light had appeared very distinctly from the castle, and in the span of an instant it seemed to envelope the entire country itself…Before I knew it, everything had completely changed. Houses collapsed, rivers dried up, and travelers going down the road began to melt in place like mud. My body too was burned along one half, but what I was witnessing was so horrifying, I didn’t even notice that for a while.”

“…So the first change was the light…And you’re saying that was fired from the castle.”

“That’s right. And after that…The gods, the dragon god LeviaBehemo, became manifest. …The gods did not come to save us. On the contrary, they destroyed everything that was left with their claws and the fire breathed from their mouths. …Then, they flew off somewhere, leaving us here.”

“The castle—what happened to the queen, and the other senators that would have been there?”

“I don’t know that much. …Though there is little question that that elegant palace has collapsed without a trace. …There’s no one here who’s tried to approach the site where it stood. No one who dares go to the place where such an awful light appeared—"

Then he would have to go himself—That was what Nyoze was forced to conclude.

The other senators, the queen…and his older brother Gammon, there was little chance any of them were still alive.

Even so, he wanted to see for himself.

He needed to determine just what had happened at the castle that day.

Yes…there are several things that don’t feel right to me.

.

Nyoze had known.

That a catastrophe would happen one of these days.

But he was certain that the day it was supposed to occur had not been that day.

.

Lu li la.

Lu li la.

.

…That music again.

It felt as though it was much closer than it had been earlier.

Nyoze turned in the direction he could hear the music from.

–A lone man was sitting on the ground, his expression vacant.

The aged man was holding some sort of black box in hand, tampering with it.

.

Lu li la.

Lu li la.

.

The sound seemed to be emanating from the box the man held.

“Who is he?” Nyoze asked the old woman.

“Huh? Ah, him…I don’t know. He’s one of the people who took shelter here after the catastrophe, like the others.“

“I see…”

“…Is he perchance some acquaintance of yours, sir?”

“…No.”

This…should have been his first time seeing him.

But for some reason, Nyoze couldn’t help but feel as though he had known this man from somewhere before.

“Excuse me, do you have a second?” Nyoze spoke up to the man, approaching him.

“…”

But the man only continued to fiddle with his box, ignoring Nyoze.

“Hey, you! Don’t be rude to the senator!” the old woman chided the man.

Even so, he remained wordlessly immersed in his work.

“I’m very sorry about him…This man seems to have lost his mind some…He never engages with anyone else, just keeps making things like he’s doing now.”

“Like that black box?”

“Yeah. You see that large, shabby bag he has beside him? It’s filled up with similar black boxes.”

“Does anyone know what those are?”

“We asked him once, and he replied that they’re ‘music boxes’. But they don’t play music. They’re just junk.”

.

Lu li la.

Lu li la.

.

“…Is that so? But I can hear music playing from the box.”

The moment that he heard Nyoze say those words, the old man stopped what he was doing and peered up at him, startled.

“You…can hear it? The sound of this music box.”

“I can. It’s a pretty melody, though a bit melancholy.”

“…’Recollection’.”

“…?”

“That’s the title of this piece. I named it that.” The man thrust his hand into the bag beside him and pulled out a different black box. “This is yours…Nyoze Loop Octopus.”

“–!? Then we…have met somewhere before?”

“It makes no difference. With everything already…But, you must listen to the melody of this music box.”

The man brought out something else, something like a metal windup key, and handed it over to Nyoze.

There was a small hole in the side of the black box. Just big enough for the windup key to fit snugly inside.

Nyoze moved to put the key into the hole, but the man stopped him.

“Not here.”

“…?”

“There is a place more suitable for playing the music box’s tune.”

The man held up his hand and pointed.

When Nyoze wracked his memory for confirmation, he realized that direction was–

“The castle…You’re saying to go to the ruins of Alicegrad?”

But the man shook his head.

“That isn’t it. To be more accurate, you are going to stand above the thing that Alicegrad had been guarding…’Sin’. The place where everything began and ended…The answers you, as well as I, seek, they will be there.”

“What in the world…do you…”

“I cannot go there. I can no longer hear the timbre of the music boxes that I’ve made. So I must search for a different path. In the place that I have reached, I will complete twelve music boxes.”

“I have no idea what you’re talking about! Explain it to me properly!”

“Oh just shut up! Get going! I…must make…my music boxes.”

After saying that, the man once more fell into silence.

Though Nyoze attempted to speak with him further, the man made no reply.
