And here we have prepared as a palate cleanser some cold sherbet.

Its green color is the color of the fresh vegetable varieties that were harvested from Merrigod Plateau and frozen into it to improve on its cool texture.

There are several legends and stories left lingering in our literature that concern Merrigod Plateau.

Such as the story of the witch “Meta Salmhofer”– It is said that she caused the Magic Kingdom Levianta to fall into chaos with her extraordinary magical power.

It is said that the place one of the victims of the Venomania Event, “Mikulia Greeonio”, spent her remaining years was that very land.

And then there’s the “Duel of Merrigod Plateau”. Where a sorceress wielding considerable power, and her apprentice, faced off in a battle against the leader of the criminal organization “Pere Noel” on that same ground.

In Banica Conchita’s time, Merrigod Plateau was a territory of the country of Elphegort.

You won’t find in books a single record of any big events happening there at that time.

However, there is a legend of a single girl who was thought to be from there who caused quite a ruckus in Evillious.

Her name was Platonic.

Although it is said that this was not her real identity.

There are no records anywhere that tell of Platonic’s true name.

She was an Elphe, and a remarkable burglar. Nothing is clear about her identity outside of that.

Platonic traveled all over the land of Evillious, chiefly making a killing off of nobles. At that time you could apparently find her wanted poster in every country.

Having stolen a variety of treasures, Platonic once was dispatched to steal a certain item by a sorcerer in Lioness.

Her target was a treasured wineglass owned by the lord of the Beelzenian Empire’s Conchita territory, Banica Conchita.

–What a gloomy land.

Having pushed through a woodland path, Platonic leisurely gazed upon the scenery before her eyes.

Its lack of liveliness was not because the sun was already going down.

This was a locked down land. Even for its countrymen entry was harshly regulated, and they had to receive an inspection. With that in mind there was no chance of a foreigner like Platonic making her way through the border.

However, she had already become accustomed to that. Even outside of the Conchita territory she never moved by the main roads in the first place. Obviously she understood if she ever ran into anyone who knew her face it would make things more complicated for her.

–It was pretty unfortunate that her face was seen when she broke into the Demilamb mansion, after all.

The famous phantom thief Platonic though she may be, she would screw up from time to time. Platonic hadn’t known until she’d gotten in to the Demilamb mansion that there would be a girl resting inside of it from illness.

In the end, the girl had seen her face and she’d failed to steal the “Black Lustre Crystal”.

Even worse, she had to suffer the setback of a picture of her face being passed around everywhere as a wanted poster. That girl apparently had a photographic memory, as the likeness that she drew resembled Platonic’s features very well. Since then her job had gotten much harder to do.

At the very least she changed her hairstyle, to try and resist that a little. She grew out her short hair and tied it up in pigtails. They got in the way a little bit when she was working, but she was able to look a little bit different from the picture on the wanted poster. Even so, that didn’t change the fact that she needed to take great care every time she met someone.

Platonic looked around the Conchita territory again. Right before her was a wooden hut, and in a garden enclosed by a fence four chickens were grazing. Several houses were lined up a little further ahead.

Maybe if she pushed through there she would be able to enter town.

She already knew her destination. A large mansion was visible on top of the mountain from where Platonic was now. That was the mansion where the Conchita territory’s lord, Banica Conchita, lived.

However, there was a place she needed to go first.

The “Association”’s safehouse should be…if I remember right, south from here.
