Platonic had advanced through comparatively well up until then, but when she got down to the basement she realized that she was going to confront her first problem that day.

The stairs that Platonic had walked down opened up into the middle of the basement, with various rooms to the northeast, northwest, southeast, and southwest. The treasure room should have been to the southeast.

However, she heard the sound of a girl and boy cheerfully singing from the opposite direction–the northwest room.

“♪Honooor and praaaise–”

“♪Our own great Conchitaaaaa–”

It seemed there were still two people awake.

Platonic agonized over whether she should move back or press on. Fortunately, the singing voices seemed to be coming from the room opposite the treasure room. If she moved quietly she should have been able to get inside without being discovered.

Although it was hard to think that even the treasure room would be unlocked. If they were to come outside in the time it would take her to break the lock, they were guaranteed to run into her.

Perhaps I should take a moment to touch up my plans…

Just Platonic had made that decision, and started to head back up the stairs–

“Augh!”

Something ran out from the shadow of a pillar and bit down on her right arm.

“Oink, oink!”

“–You beast!”

Platonic shook her arm hard, and knocked off the thing that was biting her.

It rolled along the floor and hit the wall, collapsing on the spot–but it soon got up again and roared, glaring at Platonic.

There were large teeth marks left on Platonic’s right wrist, and blood was oozing out.

“…A pig!?”

Though it seemed to be glaring, in reality like the other livestock the pig had no eyes. The two sockets were just aimed directly at Platonic. Its lack of fur, white skin, and long hooves was identical to the animals in the garden. The only thing that was different was that this pig was wearing a necklace with roses on it.

At some point, the singing had stopped. By the time Platonic noticed that, two people were standing side by side behind the pig.

They were probably the twin retainers that lived in the mansion. They certainly looked alike.

“You’ve found a thief. Well done, little Murara.”

One of the retainers–the girl–patted the pig on the head. Murara must have been the pig’s name. But that didn’t matter to Platonic right then.

Dammit, I’ve been discovered.

Her foes were still children, but even so it was two against one. Three against one, if you included the pig.

Though, Platonic was technically still a child too. She’d only just turned sixteen at her last birthday.

Platonic had never killed anyone during a job, and she still had no intention of doing so. So in a situation like this, there was only one tactic that she could employ.

“Well now, how shall we cook this one up? Geheehee.”

The boy retainer laughed, a laugh which didn’t suit his young features.

“Hold up, Pollo. What is that vulgar laugh?”

“Doesn’t it fit? We’re the villains aren’t we? If you want you can try mimicking it, Arte. I give you special permission.”

“How are we the villains!? I would think the bad person here is this woman who barged into someone’s home uninvited!”

“Oh, right. Although, I still like this laugh, so I’m gonna keep it. Geheehee.”

While the twin retainers–Arte and Pollo–continued their pointless argument, Platonic secretly drew a round ball made of paper from the breast of her clothes.

The lining of Platonic’s clothing had places that were made into pockets, and inside of them she carried several tools. This ball was one of them.

“Eat this!”

Platonic threw the ball towards the twins. It collided with Arte’s left shoulder, and in that moment violently exploded.

“Geho–Wh-what was that!?”

“It’s all smoky, and I can’t see, and my shoulder hurts! This is the worst!”

Platonic attempted to slip into the smoke and escape from there–but it seemed that she’d made a mistake in the chemical amount. The smoke had been too strong in its spread; she’d lost her bearings in it, and could no longer see where the stairs were.

Waaugh…It doesn’t matter, I gotta get somewhere pronto!

She could see a door in a faint gap in the smoke. Platonic dashed inside at once.

–As it looked to be the room that Arte and Pollo had just been in, there was still a lamp lit in there.

It was a larder. There was food tightly packed on its shelves that far and away surpassed the amount that had been in the kitchen. As before, they were all ghastly things.

However, Platonic’s eyes were drawn not to those, but to something that was fastened to the wall with chains.

It was a human corpse. The corpse was in a crucifixion pose, both arms spread wide. Judging from the uniform it was the cook who had been working here.

What have those twins been doing in here?

How had the cook died in the first place? Was it illness? Some accident? Or–

“Where are yooou, thief? Where have you gooone? Geheehee.”

“Bring it on! War, this means war!”

She could hear the twins speaking from outside the room. Deciding to just find a place to hide for now, Platonic once more looked around the room.

…! Is that!?

She found a glass left carelessly on a shelf right next to the corpse.

It was filled with deep scarlet liquid.

It was a wineglass without any distortions in its curve, tinged a faint red–there was no doubt about it, this was what Platonic had been searching for.

Here it is! The “Conchita Wineglass”.

Platonic reflexively reached out for it. But, perhaps out of her impatience, she failed to grasp it. The wineglass slipped from her hand, fiercely wobbled, and then fell down to the floor.

Ah!? Darn it!

Platonic immediately scooped it up. Fortunately the glass itself was undamaged. But the liquid inside had completely spilled out, and splashed the feet of the crucified corpse.

Was he drinking wine? Oh well, as long as I’ve gotten the glass there’s no problem here.

Now she just needed to escape somehow.

At some point she had stopped hearing the voices from outside. Perhaps they’d gone upstairs looking for her.

Platonic opened up the door to the room a smidge and peeped outside.

The smoke had already dissipated. There wasn’t a soul in the hallway. It didn’t change the gravity of her situation, but at least she would be able to leave the room.

It happened when Platonic opened the door a little bit wider.

From behind her she heard a thump. She immediately whirled around, and when she saw the cause of the noise she let out a shriek.

–The corpse was moving. Its feet, where the liquid had spilled, had grown more starkly white than their previous skin color and were noisily stamping around.

Could he possibly have still been alive!?

It took no time at all for her to realize that this line of thought was mistaken.

The white portion gradually seemed to spread, and finally over half of his body had turned white. By the time it reached his face, his eyeballs both fell with a plop out of their sockets, and his hair too came out in the span of an instant.

It would be dangerous to stay there.

Platonic felt as much instinctively. While the white corpse was struggling to undo the chains wrapped around him, she fled from the room.
