♣ Yukina ~The Country of Marlon, “Freezis Estate/Mikina’s Room”~

As I got closer to my mother’s room,
I came to hear the sound of pleasant harp music. She was probably playing it.

When I opened the door, the music
stopped. Inside was my mother, who–like my father–hadn’t changed at all from
how I remembered her.

Once she saw it was me, her face
suddenly brightened.

“…Welcome home, Yukina.”

“Thank you, Mama.”

We hugged each other, and rejoiced
at our long-awaited reunion.

“I think you’ve gotten a little
taller.”

“Hm–I guess.”

“Did you enjoy your trip? Did
you get any stomach aches from eating unfamiliar food?”

“No, it was fine. Hey,
Mama.”

“What?”

“It’s been so long, I’d like to
hear you play the harp.”

“Haha, alright. We’ll be having
supper soon, so I’ll only play a little.”

I took a seat, Mom too sat at her
harp, and she resumed her music once more.

My mother was a basically reserved
woman, and modest despite continuing to support my father behind the scenes. I
had heard from her own mouth that though she was originally the daughter of a prestigious
family she had fallen so head over heels for my father that as a result of her
passion she’d run away with him to Elphegort when they eloped.

Her sole hobby was playing the harp.
Dad had encouraged her to play at his dinner banquets, but she’d always
refused, claiming to be too shy. The only people who were able to hear her
music were the members of my family.

Before, I would often listen to my
mother’s harp while indulging in my reading. Hearing such familiar music, I
finally felt the sense of having returned home well up inside me.

“Mama…I’m sorry.”

“For what?” she replied,
continuing to play the harp.

“For going out on my own and
making you worry.”

While I was saying that I remembered
that I needed to apologize to my father properly too.

Mom didn’t say anything for a short
period, merely smiling and keeping up the music.

Eventually, she reached a good
pausing point and stopped playing. The moment that she opened her mouth to say
something, someone opened the door and came into the room.

“Big sis, you’re home!”

A girl who looked a little older
than I remembered was there.

“Thank you, Aile.”

Aile dashed to me, and innocently
hugged me. She then started coughing violently, probably from being
overexcited.

“Now now, all this running…”

My mother pat Aile’s back with a
concerned expression.

Aile was my younger sister, under
four years old. Perhaps because she had more strongly inherited my mother’s
disposition, unlike me and Shaw she was a very meek type. She’d been a little
sickly since she was a baby, and there were times when my mother had to nurse
her back to health.

Mom took care of Aile herself, and
wasn’t in the habit of entrusting her to the servants.

I didn’t know why
that was, but if I were to put together all the rumors the servants exchanged,
it had something to do with the incident that their caretaker had caused when
Shaw was a baby.

I didn’t know the specific details
on that, but I had always thought it was connected to the faint burn scars left
on Shaw’s back, and my mother seldom hiring Elphe people as servants out of her
unusual hatred for them.

Even mother’s reserved nature was
for Aile’s sake too. I wasn’t around her much as a result, and there were times
when that made me pretty lonely.

At times like that, my father would
always treat me warmly. Even when he was busy, he would always take any spare
moment he could to care for me. I was glad for that, and had always depended on
him.

Since when had I started to feel adverse
to my father’s affection?

…Yeah,
I really should apologize to him later.

The door opened again, and Shaw
peered inside.

“Everyone should head to the
dining hall soon. I’m starving.”

Mom stood and clapped her hands.

“Yes yes, how about we all go
together? It’s been so long since we’ve all eaten as a family–haha, Mama’s
looking forward to it.”
