♣ Yukina ~The Country of Marlon, “Freezis Estate/Dining Hall”~

The seven person banquet between the
entire Freezis Family (including myself), Germaine, and Gumillia, was held in a
gentle atmosphere from start to finish.

I hadn’t eaten in my home in a long
time. Luxurious meals managed by veteran cooks from our time living in
Elphegort were lined up on the table.

Thick slices of roast beef, stiff
baked potatoes–and the cooking of the vegetable garnished pudding was exquisite
too.

It seemed our guests were also quite
satisfied with the food. Germaine in particular was chowing down so heartily
that it was hard to believe she’d been nauseous earlier.

“It’s the first time I’ve ever
eaten it, but this Marlon cooking is just delicious.”

As Germaine expressed her opinion,
my father made a sarcastic laugh, shoulders shaking a little and looking
somewhat proud.

“I’m glad for the praise, but I
think the dinners in our home are a little bit different from proper Marlon
cuisine. If pushed, I’d have to say with the seasoning and such that it’s
closer to Elphegort cooking.”

“Oh yeah?”

“Indeed. If you’d like to sample
real Marlon food, you should try out a nearby bar when you get the chance…Though
I wouldn’t recommend it.”

Dad quietly laughed again.

Generally speaking there was a lot
of Marlon traditional cooking that was light on the flavor. My parents, both
being raised in Marlon, were able to accept that–but I and my brother had
lived in Elphegort since we were young, and so it was a little wearisome …to be
plain it was extremely unappetizing. I simply couldn’t eat out while I was in
Marlon.

After Germaine drank up her sherry,
my father advised, “It’s getting late tonight, and Kyle isn’t here. You’re
probably tired from your trip. We have some guest rooms prepared, so feel free
to rest here. We’ll have a more in depth conversation about things tomorrow.”

“That would be greatly
appreciated.” Germaine set her knife and fork on the table. “Today we
were attacked by pirates, and then chased by a giant octopus, terrible stuff.”

This time Mom and Dad set their
knife and fork down. Or rather, they didn’t set them down so much as dropped
them.

“Pirates…and a giant
octopus!?”

Germaine continued, oblivious to my
parents’ unrest. “It was pretty difficult~ Any more of that and we’d be
dead at sea…”

“Yukina…and Shaw…were put in
such danger…”

Dad started to tear up again. Mom’s
hand was trembling.

I could tell this wasn’t going anywhere
good. I quickly cut off the conversation.

“W-well, how about we leave the
rest of the story for tomorrow!”

“Y-yeah! Didn’t you say so
yourself, Dad? Everyone’s tired!”

With Shaw’s backing, we somehow
managed to calm things down.

If I told my parents the events of
my journey in full, they were liable to faint.

I would spend a bit
of time spacing out the tales of my travels.
