♣ Yukina ~The Country of Marlon, “Freezis Estate/Keel’s Room”~

“I’ve heard various rumors
regarding you,” my father said, leisurely resting his elbows on the desk
in front of him.

Germaine was seated with her legs
crossed in a slightly impolite manner, facing him.

“I’ve just been
traveling.”

He widened his eyes a little at her blunt
response. “That so? I heard you raised a racket in Asmodean and
Beelzenia.”

“Goodness, seems you’re very
well informed of my actions. Nothing less than I’d expect from Keel
Freezis.”

When morning came, I’d been summoned
to Dad’s room. He and Germaine were already inside.

Gumillia had returned once, but then
after breakfast she had left again. My father had ordered the servants to try
and detain her, but it seemed she’d successfully snuck out.

There was no sign that King Kyle was
coming, so for the time being I guess Dad had decided to hear my and Germaine’s
side of the story.

“Although, that’s kind of
strange then.”

Germaine cocked her head to the side.
It appeared she had some doubts regarding my father knowing her deeds.

“What is?”

“It seemed to me that Kyle went
a very long time without knowing my whereabouts.”

He rested his chin in his hands, as
though to say “ah…so that’s it”.

“I didn’t bother to pass along
any of my information to him.”

Why was that? The two of them were
best friends. Why would he keep silent on what his best friend wanted to learn
more than anything?

Before I could voice my question,
Dad continued speaking. “There were several things that didn’t make sense
to me during the revolution five years ago, you see.” Germaine was silent.
He leaned forward slightly, and gazed at her. “As one of the interested
parties, you probably already know what those are, don’t you?”

Was he talking about the issue with
Michaela? In that case, I had obtained an answer during my travels. If he
didn’t know the truth, then I would have to tell it to him.

But Germaine turned her face away and
replied, “…I know, but I can’t tell you.”

When I had asked her about the
incident with Michaela, Germaine had clearly refused. Why was she obscuring her
answer now?

Or–was there a different mystery remaining
regarding the revolution?

The two of them continued speaking.

“I surmised you might say that.
So I kept quiet to Kyle, and did a little investigating on my own. My inquiry
into you was one part of that.”

“So then what did you learn
from your investigation?”

“Various things, but to bring
up the biggest one, it’s that the Empress Dowager Prim and the sorceress Abyss
I.R. appear to be involved with Kyle having been manipulated by some sort of
power.”

Abyss I.R. Gumillia had mentioned
that name too.

“Who is that?” I had been
silent, and at that point I first opened my mouth.

“She’s the Empress Dowager’s
resident sorceress. Though she doesn’t show herself often publicly.”

According to my father’s
explanation, Abyss I.R.’s origins were unknown, but apparently she had been
living in Marlon for quite some time. Her name had been seen close to twenty
years ago, so they said.

Germaine also listened in with great
interest.

“Miss Germaine, have you heard
the name Abyss I.R. before?”

“No, this is first time. What
kind of scheme is this sorceress dreaming up?”

My father sighed that he didn’t know
much himself. “To get involved with her, I would have to more deeply
investigate the royal family.”

“I imagine there’s quite a bit
of risk in that.”

“So around that point, my
investigation had hit a dead end. I had thought that I was fine with not
rushing to learn more, but…” My father once again widened his eyes,
looking at Germaine and then me. “Then there was the aforementioned
turmoil with you two.”

I could tell from the wrinkle of his
brow that he was just a little displeased.

Germaine replied with a light tone,
whether knowing of my father’s mental state or not, “So you’re saying you’re
taking it more seriously now that your daughter’s been wrapped up in all
this.”

“I am not an ally of
justice.” There was a rapping on the desk. The source of the noise was my
father’s right hand. “The investigation itself was just out of a sense of
duty as someone involved in the revolution, and a thirst for knowledge.”

“Good grief, like father like
daughter–you both like to traipse all over people’s business.”

My father continued speaking, not
responding to Germaine’s sarcasm. “As a result, it’s no longer just
someone else’s problem.”

“So you called us here hoping
to hear the whole story with all the involved parties together.”

Germaine had been able to guess the
direction the conversation was going too.

“Um…Papa, I’m sorry. For causing
you such trouble.”

When I said the apology that I had
been intending to make since yesterday, my father suddenly grew flustered.

“Wh-what-what are you saying?
It’s not your fault. It’s not your fault at all, Yukina, no. It’s all Kyle’s
fault, for becoming the yes-man to a demon.”

Upon realizing that Germaine was
watching our exchange with an unamused expression, Dad cleared his throat and
resumed his strong posture.

“Just to confirm.” He once
again turned to Germaine. “Is Kyle alright now?”

“You know that yourself to some
extent, don’t you?”

“What makes you say that?”

“If he wasn’t, you wouldn’t
have sent your son to Lucifenia.”

“…Most impressive.”

It sounded like my father had
grasped much more information than I’d thought.

In that case–

“Papa! There are two people
that we need you to tell us where they are.”

Dad looked somewhat surprised at my abruptly
cutting in.

After prefacing it with,
“Assuming I know,” he returned to his usual smile. “Fine. Ask Papa
anything.”

First was Ney Phatipe. When I
brought up her name, Dad responded without pause, “The head of the Special
Maneuvers Task Force, eh? She came into Marlon several days before the rest of
you, and was seen heading to Marlon Castle. After that, though, I don’t
know.”

So she was in Marlon after all.

“Marlon Castle…I wonder if
Kyle’s alright,” Germaine murmured, looking worried.

“Us aside, there’s no reason
for Ney to cause harm to King Kyle. It’s unthinkable that anyone would aim for
the king’s life inside a castle with so many other people in the first place.”

"I guess…Yeah.”

The anxiety vanished from Germaine’s
face.

Mister
Kyle and Miss Germaine…The two of them were so hostile with each other until
just a short while ago…

A fun, wild idea came to mind, but
it vanished for the moment. For now the conversation continued.

“As for the other one…it’s
Elluka Clockworker. I thought maybe she’d be in Marlon too.”

This time, a short silence ensued.
My father flipped through the documents he had on hand.

“She…” Finally he opened
his mouth. “She might be gone.”

“…! What are you saying?”

“Elluka and Gumillia met with
Abyss I.R. three years ago. Apparently at the time the two of them had been caught
in a trap, and were harshly attacked by Abyss and the Special Maneuvers Task
Force.”

“It can’t be…”

I couldn’t imagine that Gumillia and
her mentor Elluka would be defeated by her enemy so easily. Was this Abyss I.R.
really such a frightening sorceress?

“Gumillia somehow managed to
escape, but Elluka was captured.” He told us that after that he was
completely in the dark on her movements. “It’s best to be prepared for the
fact that she may already be dead.”

Germaine gazed at the Column forest
outside the window.

“…Maybe we shouldn’t say that
to Master Gumillia.”

My father clapped his hands twice,
as though to dispel the heavy air.

“Come, now it’s my turn.”
He slightly rose up from his chair. “Let me hear
everything you two have experienced.”

After that Germaine and I told him
of the events that had happened since I entered Beelzenia.

Taking some mild artistic licenses with
it so he wouldn’t faint, of course.
