♣ Yukina ~The Country of Marlon, “Freezis Estate/Storeroom”~

Three rooms down from my father’s
room was a storeroom.

Though calling it a storeroom would make him
mad. To be accurate, it was a “museum” where my father’s collection
could be on display.

I just couldn’t understand that
collecting mania of his. It was just an inconvenience, gathering so much junk.
When I told my mother that, she’d just smiled and said, “You think that
because you’re a girl, Yukina.”

Anyway, that aside I was now
standing in front of the doorway to his “museum”–naturally I had a
reason for that. I had a trifling task to take care of here.

I held in my arms the wooden Almoga
Mobarez mask. It was the one that Germaine had worn as a disguise when
we’d gone to the ex-Lucifenian palace. In truth, the mask itself was one used
by none other than the genuine Almoga Mobarez. She had gotten her hands on it
when she visited Asmodean.

My father had wanted it very badly, and
as she had no great attachment to it Germaine agreed to hand it over.

By all rights it was the role of a
servant to bring it here. But the servant boy who had been ordered to do it
remembered that he’d been tasked with some urgent business by my mother, and he
flew into a panic realizing he couldn’t get both jobs done simultaneously. I,
the kind-hearted Yukina Freezis, decided to lend a hand to him as I was passing
by him in the hallway.

“I–I’m very in your debt! I
entrust this to you!”

The boy deeply bowed and headed out
to town to do the shopping.

Well, thinking about it calmly,
taking the mask to the storeroom by itself would take probably all of five
minutes. He seemed to be the type to get pretty senseless when he was
flustered.

I opened the door to the storeroom, deciding
that I would just get it over with quickly.

The room was long in construction
from front to back, and had various curios set up on the shelves on either side.
There were no windows, and as the lamp wasn’t lit, it was very dim.

Huh,
Mama? What are you doing in here?

In the corner of the room, my mother
was whispering something quietly, back facing me. She didn’t seem to have noticed that I’d
entered.

Is
she talking to herself? Or is she talking to someone?

“Mama, is there someone in here?”

When I spoke up to her, Mom shook
her back with a start.

“–! Yukina, what are–what are
you doing here?”

“Ah, sorry, I didn’t mean to
startle you. I came to set this in here.”

I showed her the mask and explained
the circumstances.

“–Right. This is the room
where your father keeps his most prized collection. Don’t go around touching
anything.”

“Yeah, I got it.”

She left the room.

There was no one else inside. In the
end I was still in the dark on what she’d been doing in here.

When I got close to the place where
she’d been, I caught sight of a strange item.

It didn’t look like one of my
father’s collection pieces. I thought maybe it was something my mother had forgotten…

“A…green onion? What’s this
doing here?”
