✥ Kyle Marlon ~The
Country of Marlon, “Marlon Castle/Middle Tower Roof”~

The royal family’s castle, Marlon Castle,
was located on the bank of Methis River, in the westernmost section of the
royal capital Bariti. It had a long history, said to have been originally built
close to four hundred and fifty years ago as a fortress to safeguard against
savage invaders. For that reason the stone walls that encircled its outside
were high and of strong make, and when it came to its defensive capabilities it
was top class among all the castles and palaces in Evillious.

The castle’s grounds were mainly
divided into three sections. There was the "Right Palace”, which had
things like the audience hall, banquet venue, and bedchambers. There was the
“Left Chapel”, which had a place of worship and graveyard. And the
one that I was in right now was the “Middle Tower”.

The “Middle Tower” served
as a place where I could carry out my official business as king. When I stood
on the roof of this tower that was surrounded by greenery on all sides, I was
able to survey all of Bariti.

I spent almost my entire childhood
in this castle. I hadn’t been here in so long, and it made me nostalgic.

So
then, why can’t I calm down?

When would I be able to derive that
answer? Would the day come again when I could accept this as a place I could
come back to?

“So, this is where you
were.”

A red-haired man who looked much
like me was coming up the stairs.

“Arkatoir?”

He was my younger half-brother, but
due to the anticipations of his mother, who didn’t want him to get embroiled in
a conflict over succession, he was currently serving as one of Marlon’s parliamentary
officials as an average citizen.

My late father was a lecher, and had
mistresses in various places. And as he got them pregnant without reservation,
I had many half-siblings. No–to be accurate, I used to.

Most of them died or went missing
when I was a young boy. Naturally those didn’t occur by accident. They were
murdered by someone.

I didn’t have any proof, but I had
an inkling of the culprit. My mother, the Empress Dowager Prim. Such violent
crimes out of wanting to have her own child succeed the throne…It wasn’t such
an uncommon thing, if you followed the history of the royal family.

Thinking of it that way, you could
say Arkatoir’s mother’s judgment was the best thing she could do. Though my
mother didn’t think very well of him being involved in any important political
office. Depending on what she decided, there was a real chance he’d wind up
dead like the rest of my half-siblings.

Why then had he deliberately gotten
involved in politics? I had asked him once. He had replied, “This is my
own battle”. He told me in such brief speech that he was grateful to his
mother for escaping from successional disputes, but he also resented that a
little bit; he wasn’t going to spend his whole life tilling fields, so even if
ruin was waiting for him, he had to set his eyes a little higher than that.

Luckily, excellent as he was he had
drawn some approval from the Empress Dowager, and was able to continue
legitimately working at the castle

“I hear you’ve handled things
quite well while I was gone. Thank you, Arkatoir.”

When I gave my thanks, Arkatoir
scratched the back of his head a little bashfully.

“Oh no, I didn't…The Empress
Dowager took care of things too.”

“And where is my mother right
now?”

When I returned to the castle, I had
first searched for my mother. But I couldn’t find her anywhere.

“W-well…”

I could tell that Arkatoir was
stiffening up out of nervousness.

“What’s wrong?”

“The Empress Dowager isn’t
currently in the castle. She’s in the middle of recuperating at the holiday villa
on account of her declining health.”

“The holiday villa?”

The holiday villa was the old structure
nicknamed “Castle Hedgehog” in Marlon’s northwest. It was used by the
Marlon royal family as a place for rest and recreation.

“It seems she’s gotten a bit
worn down from all the hard work she’s had to do.”

“When did she leave?”

“Right after she received news
that you were returning, Your Majesty. Perhaps she was able to lighten up her
vigilance a little out of her joy.”

Upon
learning I’m coming home she immediately heads to Castle Hedgehog?

The pirates on Hark Sea, and the giant octopus… They
were all likely intended to go after me. I grew uneasy.

I asked Arkatoir how many soldiers
there were on the Marlon mainland currently.

“We have about fifty thousand
sailors, and about twenty thousand soldiers.”

“And how many can you call to
Marlon castle immediately?”

“Including the soldiers already
on standby here, only about five thousand.”

“Good. Then gather that many
here.”

Arkatoir looked at me in puzzlement.

“What do you intend to
do?”

“Nothing, I just want to be
sure.”

Though I genuinely hoped it was a
causeless anxiety.

I started to head to the stairs,
intending to descend first.

“That reminds me,” I posed
the question I had suddenly remembered to Arkatoir, “What happened to
Abyss I.R.? Is she at the villa with my mother?”

“Abyss?”

I was surprised at Arkatoir’s
suddenly panicked squeak.

“What? Is something
wrong?”

I hadn’t intended to say anything that unusual.

“No, it’s just that it’s so
rare for you to concern yourself with her, my liege.”

Now that he mentioned it, I realized
that was true. Normally I deliberately avoided that ghastly sorceress. But this
time it was my turn to be surprised, by the answer that Arkatoir gave me.

“She passed away the other
day.”

“What!?”

“She was very old, after all. I
hadn’t seen her outside the palace for a while, so I went to talk to her
Majesty the Empress Dowager myself. Her funeral was held only for those close
to her.”

Abyss was…dead!?

“It’s disrespectful of me to
say, but frankly I’m a bit relieved. It was kind of creepy having a person like
that prowling around the castle. Though I would never say that in front of the
Empress.”

I could scarcely believe it. It felt
far too soon for this act to be over already.

Arkatoir continued speaking, as
though he could tell what I was feeling then. “She has a grave set up now.
You can go see, if you like?”
