Often when I’m sitting in at drinking parties, I’ll get asked all these questions like, “You’ve earned a lot with VOCALOID, haven’t you”, or “how much have you saved up?”, or else, “What do you plan to do with all the money you’ve earned?”

No matter how good I feel from being drunk at these things, I always dodge any questions that relate to money. Because it’s obvious that if I answered honestly, there is no chance that conversation would lead anywhere good. That’s how it goes, right? If the other person had no interest in money, the conversation would just end with, “huh, that’s nice”, and if conversely it was someone who couldn’t help wanting money, there’s a strong chance they would start launching into these horrible get-rich-quick schemes like, “I’d like to talk to you about a loan”. It’s not great.

“Greed”, one of the seven deadly sins, is not strictly related to just a desire for money, however in our present society if you want to satisfy your desires then you will always need money for it. As something to satisfy your materialistic wants, first. And then after they’ve achieved that, next people will start to use that money to gain their own happiness. Hobbies, relationships, family…The specifics depend on the person.

The question of whether or not money can buy happiness is oft-disputed, but in my personal opinion it can mostly buy happiness, so there’s no need to be ashamed of having it, as long as it’s not money you earned by illegal means.

Nevertheless, “mostly” in this case is a pretty strong bottleneck; ironically the few things that don’t qualify in that framework are often the source of the happiness that people are truly seeking.

And another thing. You do need money to obtain happiness, but in order to get that money there are times you’ll need to sell happiness of equivalent value. Like your time, or your health. And depending on the person you may even lose friends, or people you love. You have to let go of happiness to obtain happiness…That’s something you do well in this society.

Anyway, to touch on the novel here, I intentionally cut down on the episodes that were in the song that the novel’s based on. Perhaps those of you who’ve listened to all of the “Deadly Sins of Evil” series songs can make a rough guess as to why.

In addition to that, there are many bits of foreshadowing that haven’t been resolved yet—the answers to all of that will be revealed in the story of the other protagonist that was born into this era.

And the long-continued “Deadly Sins of Evil” light novel series is planned to be wrapped up in just two more installments.

There may be some of you who are confused, thinking “Huh!? Shouldn’t there be only one left?”, but please be patient. There’s no way I could fit all of the outcome in one book. Please permit me to extend it to two.

And so, let’s meet again in the next work.

.

AkunoP (mothy)
