Yaaawn.

–Right.

Seems as though some time has passed while I was yawning.

Right now…I think it’s been about fourteen years since that trial.

I am still clinging to the ceiling in the courtroom, as I was doing back then.

If I were to speak of what’s going on in here right now–of course, it’s a trial.

It’s only natural, this place having been made for the purpose of holding trials.

However, unlike the time with Elluka, there were fewer people in the visitor’s gallery.

And, sitting clustered in the front row seats were all young people.

In terms of specific numbers, there were ten of them. They were all students enrolled in the law school of Levin University east of the Dark Star Courthouse, and today they had come as a field trip to watch a trial for their studies.

Levin University was a school of comparatively little history that had been established roughly eighty years earlier. As something like a “university” itself had not existed in Holy Levianta until that point, that would make Levin University the oldest university in the country.

Speaking of eighty years back, that was roughly around the time when the framework for the confederation of nation called the USE was established via treaty.

I’ll explain a little regarding the USE.

There are other countries in the Evillious region where Holy Levianta is located, such as Marlon, the Lucifenian Republic, Elphegort, Asmodean, and the Beelzenian Kingdom. In recent years, all of them have begun to come to the ends of their expansion.

What their political scientists began to propose at that point was a theory called “ultranationalism”. It was the idea that they would organize a governing body that went beyond the borders of each nation, and by giving it a strong authority it could grant benefits to all of the countries under it in terms of their economy, diplomacy, culture, police, administration of justice, and other areas.

The “World Police” already existed as a similar sort of ultranationalistic organization, but Marlon was planning the formation of a unified confederation of nations that spread into other fields as well.

The ones who joined in were the Lucifenian Republic, Elphegort, and Holy Levianta; the four nations including Marlon entered into the Aishikeru treaty in Evillious year 878. From this was born the Union State of Evillious—popularly called the USE.

With a strong tint as a religious nation, Holy Levianta had a slight habit of cultural exclusion. However, since the formation of the USE they had undertaken a flourishing cultural exchange with other countries. Under that influence, ever since Levin University was first founded it took up a system of actively accepting not just applicants from their own country, but also foreign exchange students as well.

What was more, one of its particular features was a thorough doctrine on competency, to produce excellent, talented people. As long as someone had an exceptional disposition they would be granted the qualifications to enter regardless of their age, and their enrollment period would change depending on their grades.

Basically, as long as they were smart even a child could obtain an academic degree, while conversely if you were stupid then it didn’t matter if you were elderly, you would never be able to graduate (though people like that probably wouldn’t be able to pass the entrance exams in the first place).

Therefore, though the students who had come to watch the trial today were all young, I could see some differences between them in age. All of them were listening closely in earnestness to the voices of the judges, the defense, and the prosecution, and many of them were writing notes.

The one undertaking the position of head judge today was still the director of the Dark Star Bureau, Hanma Baldured. It wasn’t that he worked as the head judge for all of the trials carried out in the Dark Star Courthouse. If it were some minor case then someone else would be managing this trial.

But today Hanma was the head judge. And the charge applied to the defendant was again—just like before, “violation of the special law on witchcraft”.

Currently in the court, the prosecution was making their statement.

“—Since she was young the defendant Lana Ray has made frequent trips into the ‘Millennium Tree Forest’ in Elphegort, and from then on has repeatedly made the claim to others that she is able to ‘talk to spirits’. Additionally, because she is a devout member of the Held sect of the Levin religion, it is easy to imagine the possibility that she is well-versed in ancient ‘spells’—“

There the defense stood up and raised their hand towards the judge.

“Objection. This idea that Held followers carry out spells—these so-called ‘incantations’—is nothing more than the opinion of the masses. We shouldn’t cast false doubt on the defendant based on information with scarce foundation.”

The judge nodded. "Objection acknowledged. The prosecution shall continue the statement without sullying the honor of the Held denomination.”

“Yes, Your Honor…Leaving aside anything about the Held denomination, the matter of the defendant going into the Millennium Tree Forest is from the testimony of those who live nearby, and is unimpeachable fact. Speaking of that forest, it is also well known that the infamous witch “Elluka” had once used it as her stronghold—”

When the prosecutor said the name “Elluka”, I could see one of the students who was watching the trial pause the right hand that he held his pen in.

He was probably the youngest of all the students in the visitor’s gallery–Or perhaps it would be more appropriate to say “child-like”. Because of his diminutive stature his back didn’t even match the top of his chair, and the soles of his feet didn’t reach the ground. Yet his features showed his intelligence.

I thought that he looked quite a bit like his father. Not just him, but among the people in the Marlon family line—particularly the men—there have periodically been those with strikingly similar features throughout the ages. And their hair has always been a particular shade of blue. Even among the strange phenomena that have enfolded the world, that rule has not been broken.

After that pause, he began to move his pen once more. It seemed that none of the others around him noticed the tremor in his heart that he showed for just a moment.

–Gallerian Marlon.

The child who had been a baby fourteen years ago had returned to this courtroom as a student pursuing a legal career.
