I didn’t know with what intentions Hanma had done that.

I could say it was a mystery, but also that it was appropriate.

He had originally sought to protect Gandalf’s status. It just hadn’t been what Gandalf wanted.

–I wonder what Hanma thought when he learned that Gandalf’s son wanted to join the Dark Star Bureau.

Of course, I can’t know that.

I can fly around the world and observe it freely, but I cannot see into the minds of mankind.

…That’s why it’s so interesting.

.

Anyway, Gallerian (and Loki) were soundly accepted into the Dark Star Bureau, and the day came that they graduated from college.

The night after graduation had finished, the customary graduation party was held by the students that were still enrolled.

“Congratulations, graduates…Cheers!”

After the class representative gave their speech, the party began.

Their party venue was the former Asayev estate inside the Levin University grounds. It was a mansion that had once belonged to a man who had staged a revolt against the Levin church that he had belonged to, and so it had long been abandoned, reviled for its history. It had been bought out as one of Levin University’s facilities when it was founded, and after some repairs it started being used as a multipurpose hall.

To the students, this hall, where one could feel a historical refinement without gaudy ostentation, was the perfect place to be holding the party.

Graduates wearing dazzling clothing mingled with the enrolled students, all of them bustling with excitement as they enjoyed food and drink. There were many people who were dancing to the fashionable music that could be heard coming from the gramophone.

It was comparatively simple to find Gallerian in this vigorous crowd. His characteristic blue hair stood out even looking from the ceiling.

Gallerian was wearing an outfit that was a little plainer than everyone else’s, made of cheap black cloth, and nursing an orange juice alone in a corner of the hall.

Almost all of the students that attended Levin University were raised in affluent families. Gallerian wasn’t an exception to that, but in truth, despite the pedigree of the Marlon family line his household wasn’t one that had a lot of means, financially speaking (at least, compared to the other students).

Despite once being the royal family, this was a state of affairs that had begun several generations back. His great-great-grandmother built up a fortune, and then his great-grandfather had built the Dark Star Bureau. Everything had been fine around that period, but then his grandfather had failed in a gold excavation enterprise in the continent of Maistia and lost a substantial amount of their inheritance. After his father Gandalf quit the Dark Star Bureau he spent his life in Marlon simply using up the money that they had left, hardly taking on any real work. Apparently they just barely managed to scrape up enough money for Gallerian’s tuition.

Whether Gallerian had a complex about his circumstances or he simply preferred to be alone, in any case he didn’t have a lot of friends in the university.

Loki was an exception, but he was currently in the middle of having fun dancing with his girlfriend Mira. Gallerian drank up his remaining orange juice as he watched the two of them from afar.
“You want a refill?”

A man walked up to him, holding a bottle of orange juice in hand.

“Yeah…Thanks, Tony.”

Gallerian held out his glass, and Tony poured juice into it.

“Congratulations on graduating, Gallerian…The room’s gonna be lonely with you gone,” Tony said, standing next to him.

Tony Ausdin was Gallerian’s roommate. He was about four years older than him, but hadn’t been able to graduate this year. Though, that was less a matter of him being a bad student, and more just that Gallerian was that exceptional.

“Graduating from Levin University at age fourteen, not to mention passing the entrance exam to the Dark Star Bureau in one try…You really are a prodigy. Unlike me,” Tony said, speaking in a tone that was neither sarcastic nor disagreeable, but rather honestly showing his respect.

“Oh no…it’s really not a big deal—”

“Quit being so modest. I’m getting miserable here. Sigh…I wonder when I’ll be able to graduate…”

“How are your credits?”
“Well…I guess they’re ‘secure’ for now. Unlike you I didn’t get into the university with a lot of determination. I don’t think what I’ve studied is gonna be all that useful to me once I graduate…I really only came here to give some prestige to my career, after all.”

In contrast to Tony’s sighing, Gallerian smiled a little. “I fear for where this country is headed, with our future general in such a state.”

“’General’, huh…Just because my father was doesn’t mean I’ve gotta follow in his stead…I’ve got no inclination towards joining the army to begin with…”

“Ha ha ha. You couldn’t even hurt a fly.”

“Pretty much. If you can even call it an army nowadays. Thanks to the USE framework there are hardly any wars between countries anymore. Even non-member nations Asmodean and Beelzenia aren’t stupid enough to pick a fight they won’t win. In a society like this there’s no point in going out of your way to become a soldier.”

“Well, maybe you shouldn’t then.”

“Tell that to my bull-headed father. Sigh…Why did I have to be born to a military family…”

“…I mean, soldiers are necessary to uphold the security of the nation, right? And in a world with all these bizarre events, well. There’s a lot of trouble going on in the southern part of Lucifenia where you’re from, isn’t there?”

“—That’s it. There’s the problem,” Tony replied, pointing at Gallerian.

“Problem?”

“Those white-skinned zombies. The so-called ‘dead soldiers’. Lately they’ve started showing up in Lucifenia’s borders. It’s cause Beelzenia’s army is so gutless. It’s practically a joke. Having to fight with such fantastical creatures that hopped up out of the graveyard.”

“Yeah. You’re definitely the worst person to become a soldier.”

“You think so? But…my dad…” Tony grumbled, holding his head.

“Hey, Tony…This just occurred to me.”

“Hm?”

“Did you, maybe…deliberately delay your credit acquisition because you didn’t want to become a soldier?”

“Wha!? D-d-d-don’t be ridiculous! Th-that’s no—Woops! My stomach is growling! I’m gonna go eat something!”

Tony awkwardly pulled away from Gallerian, walking towards the table where the food was.

“Hah…I wonder if he’ll…be alright, that one.”

As Gallerian was giving a wry smile, this time Loki came over with his girlfriend in tow, having finished dancing.

“Hey, Gallerian! You having fun?”

“Yep.”

“I see…Though it doesn’t really look like it. By the way, what do you plan to do for break after tomorrow?”
“For break…I’m gonna be working at the Dark Star Bureau right away. I’ve got a lot I need to study.”

“You’re not going back to your country?”

“You mean Marlon? …Nah, I can’t afford the travel fare. You going home?”

“Yeah.” Loki nodded, and then continued, “I was thinking that if you came back with me, I could invite you out to do this.” He made a gesture as though aiming a rifle.

“Hunting, huh…That’s your hobby, isn’t it Loki.”

“I can’t do it much here in snowy Levianta. There’s plenty to hunt in the forest right by my home. Like deer, bears…How about it? You’re really not coming? If money’s an issue I can front the expenses.”

“Hmmm.” Gallerian appeared to think about it for a moment, but ultimately he shook his head. “I’ll still have to decline. I’ve never used a gun before, and it doesn’t sound like it’d suit me.”

“Everyone starts out that way. Experience is everything.”

“I’m fine; you and Mira have a good time.”

The moment he said that, Loki’s expression grew faintly conflicted. “Er, no, she’s…”

Mira walked between them, smiling.
“I’m not planning to come along this time, Galley.”

She was the same age as Loki, two years Gallerian’s senior. For that reason she was always conducting herself like a big-sister around Gallerian.

“Huh…Why?”

“I’m still a student, unlike you two.”

“But you’re still getting a break from university, so there’s no problem, right?”

“Er, no…Well, there’s also…eh.”

As Mira stammered, Loki began to explain in her stead. “Apparently Mira’s family doesn’t think well of her interacting with me.”

“Her parents are against you?”

“No, actually her parents aren’t the problem. It’s her older brother. He can’t stand that his little sister is dating a member of the Freezis family.”

“…I see.”

Gallerian made no move to pry any further, appearing to have an inkling of what was going on.

Gallerian knew that Mira Yarera was a member of the Yarera Zusco Conglomerate. The Yarera Zusco Conglomerate was a large conglomerate on the same level as the Freezis Conglomerate.

For that reason, it had been a matter of great discussion among their classmates when Loki and Mira started dating. A romance between the son and daughter of two longtime rival conglomerates—If the two of them were to ultimately get married, it would likely have a massive influence on society at large.

And that was why there was no small number of obstacles in their way to get there.

“Well, that might be a bit much for a kid to take in,” Mira said teasingly.

Gallerian puffed out his cheeks. “Kid…I’m only two years younger than you, you know.”

“Oh, is that right? Galley, you’re so little I thought it was more than that.”

“Slow aging is a family trait. In a little while I’ll get a bit taller and be on the same level as the two of you. …That’s what my dad said.”

Loki brazenly patted Gallerian on his head, smiling. “Ha ha ha ha–. It’s said that the old Empress Dowager Prim Marlon retained her youth even after she passed fifty years old. If you’ve got the same blood in you, then maybe when you get older you’ll just look even younger…Well, I guess if you and Mira aren’t coming there’s not much I can do for it. I’ll just cut loose all by myself.”

“You should. I don’t know if you’ll be able to take such a long break after all this for a while.”

“That goes for us both. Don’t strain yourself too much.”

Gallerian, Loki, and Mira continued their pleasant conversation for a short time after that.

.
–To speak frankly, I’ve gotten the impression that he was raised to be far more upright than I had expected.

He is her son. Though honestly I could not have imagined how he would turn out.

Gallerian shows no sign of using “magic” like his mother. At this stage he seems to be a normal boy, albeit with a keen mind.

Although, that doesn’t mean he has no potential as a sorcerer.

Without a teacher to train him, he could probably spend his whole life never unlocking his incredible talent.

I didn’t really mind one way or the other on that, but …How would she feel?

Had she given birth to Gallerian that he might lead such a normal life?

.

Things have only just begun.

I shall continue to observe.

As I sharpen my claws, time rapidly flows on.
