The carriage was dutifully waiting for them at the same spot that they had gotten off at earlier at dawn.

“Well then, where shall we go?” the coachman asked cheerfully.

Lemy was no longer dressed as a pierrot, and Rin too had changed into more plain clothes.

“Please…take us to the Kihel check station.”

He figured it would be dangerous to go directly to Calgaround.

They’d probably already found Ton’s corpse in Rolled.

If Lemy had been witnessed riding in the carriage, the police would eventually come to the coachman. They couldn’t let him know their location.

Once they got to the Kihel check station, they could just walk to Calgaround. He’d only been there once before a long time ago, so he was a little bit concerned about that.

When they left Aceid, the building-filled scenery gradually gave way to trees and fields.

The carriage continued on for a while, and there passed through a new town entrance.

“This is the town of Toragay. Once we get through here and head northeast we’ll be right at the Kihel check station,” the coachman explained for them.

Midway through, the carriage stopped at an inn. Apparently the coachman had run into an acquaintance of his. After exchanging a few words with the green haired woman, he once more got the carriage moving again.

“—Good grief, there’s been a lot of disturbances going on lately,” the coachman muttered after a short while.

“Disturbances…?”

“Yeah. Toragay’s local lord died recently, right? They’re saying it was natural causes, but apparently there’s a chance he might have been killed. That woman just now is a newspaper reporter, and she told me she’s looking into the case.”

“Wow…”

“That’s not all. I hear an investigator for the World Police arrived in town today. Some merchant in Lucifenia got killed, and word’s going around that the culprit ran all the way out here, or something.”

“Oh, that’s…interesting.”

So Ton’s corpse had been found already after all.

“…I can tell I’m talking about something you’re not that interest in. Sorry,” the coachman apologized.

“It’s fine…”

Lemy was grateful for the coachman’s thickheadedness.

If nothing else, perhaps that meant that it was unthinkable normally that a child such as him would be the culprit.

.

They got off at the Kihel check station as planned, and after walking a ways along the main road they made their way up a gentle slope. When they’d been walking for about half an hour or so, they arrived in Calgaround without much trouble.

It took more time than he’d thought.

The sun had already sunk below the horizon.

Walking as though dragging along their tired bodies, they headed for his aunt’s house.

“This is a…strange town,” Rin whispered nervously. “All the buildings are bright red.”

“Apparently the mayor—Auntie Mayrana—made them do it. To show their devotion to the ‘Virgin Mother’.”

“Ooh.”
In hardly any time at all, they were at his aunt’s house.

Light was coming from the window. It seemed she hadn’t gone to bed yet.

Lemy knocked on the door.

“Auntie Mayrana, are you here!? It’s me! Lemy Abelard!”

A moment later, he heard the sound of footsteps from the other side of the door.

And then the door slowly opened, and a woman peered at him from inside.

“Lemy…So you’ve come.”

From her tone it sounded like she’d anticipated Lemy coming here.

“Auntie May…rana?”

Lemy was thrown into confusion the moment he saw his aunt’s face.

In that instant, she looked exactly like Julia.

Had his aunt and his mother always looked this identical? It felt like her features were very different from how they had been before.

“What’s wrong? Is there something on my face?”

“No…For a second I thought you were my mother—”

“Haha, unfortunately I am not your esteemed mother. However—”

And thus saying so, Mayrana opened the door further.

“–! Mom…What are you doing here—”

“—I figured you’d come here. There’s no one else in Elphegort you could turn to but Mayrana, after all.”
Standing behind Mayrana was none other than the real Julia.
