In the northern region of Jakoku’s capital city, Eto, there was a virtuous monk by the name of Giyara.

When he had passed his sixtieth year, he set out on a journey through various countries seeking enlightenment.

.

Something happened when Giyara arrived at the land of Izami, far distantly south from Eto.

He was right in the middle of climbing up a mountain called Mount Inasa when he noticed a bizarre creature crawling along the ground right in the middle of the road.

When he approached it, he saw that this creature had a very peculiar appearance. At a glance it looked like a small ram, but its legs were thin like a chicken’s, and it had a speckled tail that was like a snake’s.

And on its back, it had an assortment of six wings, big and small.

Giyara began to chant a sutra, believing this must be some type of chimimouryou.

But after a short while, the creature spoke up to Giyara, using human words.

“Please help me, sir monk.”

“I cannot. Monsters such as yourself cannot be allowed to exist in this world. You ought to obediently return to the land of darkness.”

“Are you saying that I have done something wrong? It’s discrimination for me to be treated like I am a wicked person solely because I look like this.”

“Are you saying you aren’t?”

“I don’t know. When I came to, I was lying here on this mountain. I have no memories before then. So while I may very well be wicked as you say, sir monk, there is also the chance that I am not.”

Figuring that there certainly was some reason in the monster’s words, Giyara ceased chanting.
Once he had drawn even closer, he could see that the monster was covered entirely in burns.

“How did you come to sustain such burns?” Giyara asked the monster.

“I don’t know. Like I just said, I can’t remember any of what happened to me.”

“For now I will tend to your wounds. And then after that I will judge what sort of person you are.”

Giyara took the monster’s body into his arms, and headed for a nearby mountain temple.

It was a desolate ruin that had stopped being used long before, but it was there that Giyara gave aid to the monster, and then spent the night.

The following morning, when Giyara awoke there was no longer a monster before him.

Instead, a young man was standing in the temple garden, naked.

“Who might you be?” Giyara asked.

“I am the one whom you saved.”

“That monster? You’re able to change into a human form?”

“It appears so. Or else perhaps this human form is actually my true body.”

Certainly, the male body had the same burn scars as the monster, and so Giyara believed in what he said.

The two of them wound up staying on the mountain together until the man’s burns had healed.
“Abandoned though it may be, this temple is sacred. It wouldn’t do to leave you exposed,” Giyara said, giving the man a kasaya robe. “If we are to spend time together, I ought to have something to call you.”

The man told him he could not remember his name, and so Giyara gave him the name of “Gakusha”.

Giyara spent his days chanting sutras at that mountain temple.

As for Gakusha, he would stare at Giyara’s behavior with rapt fascination.

One day, Gakusha asked Giyara, “Are sutras all that fun?”

“I don’t know as though they’re fun. But by continuing to chant them, man can understand the teachings of the enlightened one, and draw closer to enlightenment themselves.”

“Do you think that by chanting these sutras I might be able to remember who I am?”

“I don’t know. However, if it interests you, I will teach them to you.”

Gakusha began to study the sutras from Giyara.
