Even when the body dies, the soul does not perish.

After Giyara’s disembodied soul had wandered the present world for a period of 49 days, he arrived at a dreary place that ran wide with bedrock and dirt.

The sky was dark, and he could see deep red lava from within the cracks in the land.

“I had thought that I would be able to go to paradise, but it seems I’ve arrived in hell…”

Giyara continued walking, and eventually came to a place with a large gate.

In that place there was a lone masked woman lying in wait for him.
“Are you the master of this place?” Giyara asked her.

“Indeed, I am ‘Master of the Hellish Yard’. …Your name?”

“I am called Giyara.”

“Gee-yah-rah…? Let me see, I hadn’t heard that you were coming.” The Master of the Hellish Yard put a hand to her own temple and screamed, “Seth! What the heck, is this!?”

Surprisingly enough, when she did so, he could hear a man’s voice coming from the mask she was wearing.

“Uhhh…Looks like there was some slip-up. Apparently the system regulations for Sector 6 aren’t set up correctly, and this man came in here from there.”

"Again?…Honestly, it’s been over two hundred years, since we came down here! Stop messing around, and fix it already.” While muttering her complaints, the Master of the Hellish Yard turned back to Giyara. “Sorry. By all rights, you aren’t the sort who needs to, come here.”

“This place is hell, is it not?”

“It is. That would be what you would call it, in your country. However, you were really planned to, go to paradise.”

The Master of the Hellish Yard indicated the enormous gate behind her.
“You should pass through here. When you do that, you’ll properly arrive at heaven, as planned.”

“Is that so? Well then, farewell.”

Giyara began to walk towards the gate as the Master of the Hellish Yard had instructed.

“–Wait.”

But immediately she moved to stop him.

“As an apology. I shall grant, one wish for you.“

"You may ask me for a wish, but I am one who has already died. I have nothing I want for anymore.”

“You have no regrets left, in the living world?”

“Ah, I do, actually. –Well then.” Giyara turned back towards the Master of the Hellish Yard. “In Jakoku, there is a man called Gakusha. He has sadly lost his memories, and forgotten who he was. Please, return to him his memory.”

“Jakoku. Alright, wait a sec–”

The Master of the Hellish Yard put a hand to her mask, and started to silently murmur something to herself.

“…Hmm, that man…Uh huh, uh huh…He’s…I see, a descendent of Venomania…through extreme atavism he can shapeshift…Mmhm…Alright…Yes, looks easy enough,”

After continuing to mutter for a while, the Master of the Hellish Yard finally took her hand off her mask and then glanced back at Giyara.

“Your wish, has surely been granted. Be at peace, and proceed onward to paradise.”
“…I see. Well then, I bid you farewell.”

This time, Giyara began his trip to paradise without interruption.

.

“…Anyway.”

Having seen Giyara off, the Master of the Hellish Yard lightly sighed, and then once more spoke to her mask.

"Seth. Let’s now, go to Sector 6. We have to reconfigure the system.”

"Yeah, that’s fine with me, but–before that, do you have a moment?”

“What is it?”

“When you peered into the living world just now, I was able to look into your vision a little bit myself…Next to that man called Gakusha, that was–Allen, wasn’t it?“

"Yeah, seemed like it.”

“Why is he in the living world?”

“He was reincarnated, wasn’t he? The 'Twins of God’ created in 'Project Ma'—seeing as he is one of the four of them, it isn’t really that strange. …I would think you’d, know that better than I. As it was none other than you who, created them.”

“No, I could have sworn Allen was currently being confined inside the Heavenly Yard’s Black Box. He shouldn’t be reincarnating.”

“Hmm…I guess I’ll, check again.” The Master of the Hellish Yard once more opened up a vision of Jakoku in the living world. “…There’s no mistake, that is a reincarnated Allen. Nearby is…’Ma’.”
“’Ma’, huh…Crafty as she is I can’t imagine she’s got her hand in this, but—"

“Let me look around, a little more….! Wh-wh-wha—”

“What’s wrong?”

“…You should, look into the vision too. That preposterous guy, is also up there.”

“Oh, let me see now—huh!? …Bw-bwahahahaha! What a masterstroke!”

The mask suddenly started to laugh.

“…Don’t laugh so loud, right next to my ears. It’s annoying.”

“Ah, sorry, sorry. But how can I not laugh? He said he had no more interest in the ground world—But this makes it all clear.”

“True. The one who took Allen from the ‘Heavenly Yard’, and had him reincarnated—was undoubtedly him.”
