Gakusha had been reciting the sutras with Kokutan-douji, but suddenly he fell into a crouch clutching his head.

“–! Uaaagh…”

“Wh–what’s wrong, sir monk!?”
Gakusha continued to groan for a short time as Kokutan-douji looked on worriedly–

And then abruptly stood.

“–I remember now.”

“Huh?”

“I remember everything, boy. I remember who I used to be. And why I was on the verge of death on that mountain–”

“H-how could you, so suddenly…?”

“I don’t know. Or perhaps this really is the path of enlightenment… I was once a resident of Enbizaka.”

Gakusha began to tell Kokutan-douji about the memories that he’d recovered.

"This humble monk was–I was originally the son of a samurai clan. Though I’ll say it myself, I was a brat. …Ultimately I was disinherited by my parents and cast out of the family.”

“…I wouldn’t have been able to guess that from the way you look now.”

“I wandered aimlessly before eventually arriving in Enbizaka. There, I met a woman—and it was love at first sight. She was so gentle and refined. I immediately propositioned her, but at first she tragically rejected me.”

Perhaps out of joy for having regained his past all at once, Gakusha continued to talk on and on.

“But I didn’t give up, and continued to go by the shop where she worked many times—after several years, I was finally able to have a relationship with her. I wanted to get married right away, but I was one who had been disowned by my family. And…her mother objected.”

“Well, that sounds fairly typical.”

“But it wasn’t so simple as all that. What her mother told me came as a shocking revelation. For her mother was actually my aunt.”

“Huh?…Huh?”

“She had also been disowned by her family. Apparently all that happened before I was born. So I had arrived there completely unaware of that fact.”

“In other words…The woman you loved was your cousin.”

“Mhm. But even knowing that, I had no intention of giving up. She felt the same, and so the two of us pled our case with her mother with all our might, and finally she gave us her permission.”

Gakusha’s story continued.

–As both he and her mother were in the position of having been disowned by their family they couldn’t very well inform them of all this, so in the end things settled down with Gakusha being adopted into her household.

“We spent a fairly happy life together. I couldn’t help my playboy habits, so there were times when I made my wife angry, but—Even so, I loved her, and she loved me. Eventually we had a son…But everything ended because of that fire.”

“A fire…You mean…”

“One night four years ago, I headed out to have some fun. My wife’s birthday was coming up, so I also had the goal of buying her a present.”
“You headed out at night to do your shopping?”

“It was something that normal shops don’t sell. I had made arrangements with an acquaintance who worked at a foreign trading house, and that night they send word that it had arrived. Unable to wait for morning, I headed up to the trading house. …There, I discovered a figure concealed in the shadows of the Freezis Trading House.”

Gakusha’s expression grew more clouded.

“The man was trying to set fire to the trading house. Without thinking I ran towards him, screaming. When I did the flames caught on his left hand, and then fell to the bush where he was lurking. –Before I knew it, everything around us had begun to grow into a sea of fire.”

“…”

“I thought about chasing after the man as he ran, but I realized that saving my family had to be my first priority, and so returned home. With my wife and baby along, we headed for the bridge at the bottom of the hill. I figured we’d be safe as long as we made it past that river. But we were struck by a building that had collapsed from the fire, and all of us were crushed beneath it.”

Kokutan-douji tried to say something, but Gakusha pressed on.

“When I came to, I—was flying. You must think it sounds ridiculous, yes? But it’s the honest truth. For the first time I learned that I had the power to shapeshift into a monster. Below me I could see my wife and child being rescued by some other residents. I tried to land there immediately, but I hesitated, unsure of how to explain the monster form. While I was doing that, I caught sight of a man running to the north from far away. When I realized it was the same man who had set the fire, I flew in pursuit of him.”

"Sir monk…You're…”

“Please listen silently, I’m almost done. The man reached Mount Inasa, and started to climb. I followed after him, but I was already growing dizzy. I had been burned all over my body by the fire. At my limit, I lost the energy to fly, and crashed down in the middle of the mountain—and then, when I next awoke, I had lost all of my memories.”

Upon finishing his story, Gakusha let out a breath, and sat down on the spot.

“Sorry. I got so excited that I monologued a bit there.”

With a dark expression, Kokutan-douji asked Gakusha, "Sir monk…what is your real name?”

“Gakusha is the name that Giyara-daishi, the man who saved me, gave me. –Although, haha, coincidentally it does resemble my real one a bit. …Sudou Gakuga. That is my true name.“

"Sudou…Then…You really are Kayo-san’s–”

“–! You know Kayo? –I see, so she was saved after all! Where is Kayo now?”

Kokutan-douji slowly lifted his left hand–

And pointed at the head on display.
“Kayo-san…is right there.”

“…Kokutan-douji. You shouldn’t say something so absurd.”

“Huh?”

“Isn’t Kayo my wife? I remember her face very clearly. I had forgotten it, but now I remember it properly. –The face of that decapitated woman is completely different from the Kayo that I know. She’s a different person.”

“…!?”

Gakusha–Gakuga didn’t know. The fact that his wife had swapped bodies with another woman–

“I’ll let it go this time…But I won’t let you off the hook the next time you make such a foolish joke.”

Gakuga stood, and turned towards Enbizaka.

“Where are you planning to go?” Douji asked.

“Isn’t it obvious? I’ve remembered everything. Including the tailor shop where I lived. –I’m returning to Kayo’s side.”

Gakuga threw down the fukaamigasa that he’d worn.

And then he started to walk in the direction of the tailor shop.

.

Kokutan-douji could only watch him leave.
