♣ Yukina ~In the Beelzenian Empire, “Northwest Region”~

After I’d had lunch and left the inn the next day,
Gumillia brought me to a garrison for the Beelzenian army in the northwest. I
was there to meet a certain someone who was there.

Gumillia had told me she’d arrange for a carriage, but it
didn’t look very far until our destination, and I’d been wanting to get a look
around Rucolebeni’s rural landscape, so I’d hoped to walk there.

“As long as that’s not a bother to you, Miss
Gumillia.”

“I don’t mind. I don’t hate walking.”

The road was very cleanly maintained, so walking on it
wasn’t especially hard.

“The mood around you’s changed quite a bit from
before, so I didn’t know,” I mentioned to her.

The mood she gave off changing wasn’t from her appearance.
In terms of clothes she was wearing mostly the same robe she had five years
ago, and her hairstyle was unchanged as well. If anything was different, it was
those glasses; she hadn’t worn them before.

But what had really changed was how her speech was much
smoother than it had been, and–there was a certain something…I can’t express it
well in words, but it felt like she gave off a more womanly glamour than she
used to.

“I see you’ve started wearing glasses.”

“Find them odd?”

“No, they actually suit you very well.”

The wind blew, and Gumillia’s hair fluttered faintly. Her
green hair was a characteristic of someone from the country of Elphegort–an
Elphe.

I had lived in Elphegort, located to the north of
Lucifenia, until I was nine years old. The mansion that I’d lived in burned
down because of the war five years ago. It was a place that harbored both happy
and painful memories for me, and on my journey I’d passed through without
stopping to visit.

“I had thought for sure that you weren’t in the
Evillious region anymore. You told me that you were heading East.”

Certainly, Beelzenia was situated much farther east than
the country of Marlon. But from the way that she’d talked about it five years
ago, I’d become convinced on my own that she was talking about a country much
farther east than that.

“Truthfully I wanted to do that. But some things
happened, and so I have been working as advisor to the Beelzenian Emperor for
the last two and a half years.”

“You, an outsider, hold important office in the
Beelzenian Empire? That’s amazing.”

“Well, it was from Elluka’s connections.”

Apparently Elluka had a deep bond with the imperial
family. Though Gumillia told me shortly that she didn’t know what kind of
relationship they had, specifically.

Was Elluka staying with Gumillia in the emperor’s castle?

“Well then, how has Miss Elluka been doing?” I
asked.

Gumilia, surprisingly, replied, “Don’t know.”

“What?”

She told me that Elluka had gone missing. She’d gone
astray three years ago, and they hadn’t seen each other since. Gumillia had
been searching for her, but she wasn’t able to enter Marlon territory because
of the “Witch Hunt Order”, so it was hard.

“The ‘Witch Hunt Order’, huh? …Are you alright
yourself, Miss Gumillia?”

“As long as I am, in this country.”

Sure enough, Beelzenia, with all of its clear hostility
towards Marlon, was probably the safest place in all of Evillious for her to
be.

So it seemed that the criminal the country of Marlon was
pursuing was her. The Marlon government sent demands to the Beelzenian emperor
for Gumillia’s extradition. The emperor immediately turned them down.

…Once more I became interested in the connection between
Elluka and the Beelzenian imperial family.

At any rate, unfortunately my hope of perhaps seeing
Elluka Clockworker didn’t become a reality. But it was huge that I could meet
up with the person closest to her instead. My chances of running into Elluka
were far and away much higher if I accompanied
Gumillia than just blindly searching.

At the far end of my vision I could see an oxcart carrying
two peasants headed our way. The oxcart would pass us by, and from there
advance towards town.

Come to think of
it, I thought to myself, remembering something and giving a nod of
gratitude to Gumillia, “It was you who sent out permission for me to enter
the country, wasn’t it?”

“Yes, I remembered your name. Why have you come to a
place like this, anyway?”

“Why indeed…I guess you could say I’m on a journey
to broaden my horizons.”

I didn’t touch on the vessels of deadly sin. Even if she
knew anything regarding that, Elluka’s favored apprentice was hardly likely to
tell me about it that easily. It had been written in some book somewhere that a
sorcerer never disclosed anything on the traditions relating to their power.

“Well then, ought we to make an appearance at the
emperor’s castle after all?” I asked, feeling a little uneasy.

“Ah, there’s little need. I had just thought, that
would make meeting up easier. Though you ignored it, like I imagined you
would,” Gumillia replied, faintly smiling. Indeed, I could tell that she’d
gotten to be much more expressive than she used to be.

“Sorry about that…Oh, what’s that over there?”

I pointed in front of us.

I began to see a lot enclosed by a fence at the other end
of the road. Stone monuments of varying shapes like crosses, trapezoids, and
humanoid figures stood lined up inside the fence.

“Is this a graveyard?”

“Yes. The garrison is just through this place. The
Langley unit is there.”

“It’s in a pretty disturbing location, huh…?”

According to Gumillia, graveyards like this were
everywhere in Beelzenia.

“Almost all of these graves are for people who died
of the Gula disease.”

The Gula disease was an epidemic that began to spread
through all of Evillious about fifteen years ago, and Beelzenia was said to be
the place where it started from. A new cure was developed recently, but up
until that point it was feared as an incurable illness.

From inside the graveyard I could hear a woman shouting
thoughtlessly,

“Oooi! This way, this waaay!”

She was wearing a soldier’s uniform, so she was likely someone
from the garrison. Gumillia started walking towards her, so I followed suit.

“Thank you for coming to meet us, Commander
Langley.”

“Oh ho and what’s this? This a guest, Master
Gumillia?”

“Uh-huh. I’ll introduce you–this is Yukina.”

“Nice to meet you, Miss Chartette. I am Yukina
Freezis.”

I hesitated for a moment on calling myself by the Freezis
surname, but as this wasn’t land belonging to Marlon, and I’d already made it
known by coming in here in the first place, at this point there was probably no
need to hide it from someone in the military at least.

“…”

Chartette immediately shut her mouth. I became a touch anxious
that I had done something rude without realizing it.

“…W-WOOOOOOOAH!”

Chartette suddenly started to scream. Sensing some danger
to myself, I took two steps back.

“Mademoiselle
Yukina! You’re the super promising new author that had your name added to
the report on 'Novelists That Are Hot Right Now!’, aren’t you!?”

“Ch-charmed…”

“Dark Crow and
the Three Foxes was so great, yannow! It had such a fresh new style set in a
classical element, and what a surprising ending, yannow! The scene at Dandarah Bridge
where Dark Crow’s true goals came to light especially was so moving I just had
to–GAAH!”

Suddenly a nearby tombstone flew into the air and charged
at Chartette. The poor girl was blown back, and she tumbled to the ground at an
alarming speed.

When I turned around, I saw Gumillia chanting some kind
of spell while holding her left hand palm forward.

That was Gumillia’s “magic” that I hadn’t seen
for five years.

“I did that because she was annoying me. Was this
any of your concern?”

“Oh n-no…It’s just that it’s still such a dramatic
and strange power, this 'magic’.”

Even when viewing it as magic, throwing a tombstone at
someone was probably an act that would be frowned on by a pious Levin adherent
if they saw it. But Gumillia didn’t seem to care about that at all.

I wanted to ask more about this magic if I could, but as
I wasn’t an apprentice myself she was unlikely to teach me her secrets.

“Anyway, is Miss Chartette alright?”

Tumbling about as she was, Chartette had crashed into the
graveyard fence; she was now curled up like a worn out, ragged dust-cloth.

“She’s fine. There’s no problem with her. She’s sturdy.”

“I see, well I’m very grateful for that,” I
replied with a smile.

“Oops, this won’t do. The introduction wasn’t over. This
girl in the curly pigtails crawling on the ground is the commander of the
Langley division, Chartette.”

Chartette stood, shaking like a newborn fawn.

“…Chartette Langley…Pleased ta meetcha…”

“It’s true, she’s still alive. Spectacular.”

From there the three of us ended up heading to the
garrison.

“We’ll be there in a minute, yannow.”

Chartette stood at the vanguard, leading all of us.

“I’m honored to meet one of the heroes of the
revolution, Miss Chartette Langley,” I said, Chartette looking surprised.

“You know about me?”

“Yes, my father had a hand in that revolution too. I’d
looked over his documents and newspaper articles at the time.”

Chartette Langley. The hero who fought in the Lucifenian
revolution as one of the revolutionary soldiers and magnificently defeated one
of the Three Heroes, Mariam Phatipe, in the “Battle of the Heavenly
Yard”.

I asked her if she could tell me a bit more about that some
time.

“Collectin’ data huh! Sure, I’ll tell ya all about
it toni…Oh, we’re here.”

Chartette raised her head mid-sentence. After making our
way through the graveyard I could see a small settlement.

“This is the Langley Unit’s Garrison.”
