She advanced through the hallway.

There were no diverging paths, and so she had no cause for hesitation.
Only, this path was longer than she’d thought it would be, with its cold and inhuman view stretching on and on.

.

The place she finally arrived at appeared to be—Seth’s laboratory.

There were scores of strange utensils set about.

Though it had to have been her first time seeing it, Irina felt somehow nostalgic.

This could be…the place where she was born…That was what she thought.

“Welcome to Lunaca Labora.”

The person who had spoken, the one there to greet Irina, was a single hunched old man.

His voice was the same as Seth’s, who had spoken earlier.

“…You’re not at all how I pictured you. I thought you’d be much younger.”

“This body…I had thought it to be a successful vessel, but it appears it was not. One day it just suddenly started aging rapidly.”

Perhaps his refusal to meet with anyone was a result of not wanting them to see his appearance.

Seth looked Irina up and down with a long, lingering gaze.

“You’ve grown up…Irina.”

“I’m sure I must be quite the surprise to you.”

“I’m not sure…In a sense, I could call you my last hope. Most of my ‘ghoul children’ have either died off, or been disposed of by my own hand. You and Kiril are the only ones left…and Kiril of course had that happen to him. And he’d been such a well-made ‘ghoul child’, too.”

“Why did you send my brother away?”

“He was stolen from me. I’d never imagined that my kept hound would bite the hand that fed it. That Clockworker…I’d made him my pawn on account of his brilliance, but he wound up being too brilliant. By the time I tracked him down, it was too late. Kiril was now outside my range of interest, having lost his ‘malice’.” Seth looked up at the ceiling and heaved a great sigh. “I’m the only ‘pure malice’ left on the ground world…How lonely. Though I tried so hard to increase our numbers.”

“No. I’m still here.”

Seth’s eyes widened in surprise at Irina’s words.

“You? Don’t talk nonsense. You were a ‘dud’. You weren’t born with any ‘malice’ in your heart. I’m sure of it.”

“…That can’t…be. Then what am I!?”

“That’s why I asked you earlier. ‘Who are you?’.”

“I’m…me.”

“I see. Philosophically speaking, I suppose that’s enough. Still, I myself would like a more concrete answer. In that sense you would make a very intriguing object of study…But unfortunately for now there’s too much other business we need to take care of first.”

Seth headed deeper into the laboratory, and he began to prepare something.

“Sinful girl who by your own hands ended three people; Irina. As the new queen, you must bear the ‘Twins of God’ in your body and give birth to them.”
“…That is the biggest goal of the project, yes.”

“I will implant the ‘seed of god’ in your womb. If you become pregnant, then that would be the first success. If you’re pregnant with twins, that would be the second success. And if you can make it to delivery—that would be a complete success.”

“I don’t like pain.”

“Not to worry. It’ll just be a light pinprick at first. It’ll increase the odds of success to put as little burden on the mother’s body as possible, you see.”

As he finished gathering the necessary equipment, Seth donned his operating gown.

“Well then…Shall we begin?”

Seth held out his gloved hand towards Irina.
