–Elluka’s, and then Irina’s memories.

After he was done watching them both, a quiet atmosphere and darkness flowed between Nyoze and Gammon.

The reality of how the queen was selected…Something that Nyoze had only been able to guess at back then, was a truth he had newly learned now.

“We…were just about to make a murderer the queen.”

Mental illness—could they just tidy it all away with those words?

Everyone had “malice” somewhere in their heart.

Nyoze himself certainly couldn’t pridefully declare that he was completely virtuous.

But there was a big difference between acting to bring forth that “malice”, and refusing to ever put it into practice.

“I’m feeling a bit…discouraged.” Nyoze sighed.

“Shall we take a break?” Gammon asked, looking concerned for Nyoze for once.

“No…Doing nothing here in the darkness would probably just make me even more depressed. If I can get out of here a little bit faster then that’s good enough.”

“I see. Well then, this next one will probably be the last gear.”

“Will it…have the answers that I seek?”

“I pray that it does.” Gammon took the final gear in hand. “This is…Kiril’s memory.”

“Kiril…The music box maker that was Irina’s older brother, and Elluka’s fiancée—Wait a moment…That’s it! I’ve finally realized!”

The impetus behind his coming here…the old man who had given the music box to Nyoze.

“So that was…Kiril back there. But why was he so much older—”

The contents of the memory he’d just seen.

It had said that Kiril was one of Seth’s offshoots.

So then…it was a bit easier to understand if he considered the same change that had happened to Seth’s body also occurring for Kiril.

“Rapid aging, huh…”

In the past, Seth had once been dismissed for experimenting with the creation of artificial humans.

That would mean that Kiril and Irina were both artificial humans made during that time.

If it’s a side effect of that…then does that mean Seth was also an artificial human?

At any rate, it seemed undeniable that the issue was outside the realm of Nyoze’s understanding.

“Kiril…Just how was he was involved in the destruction of the country?”

To Nyoze’s question, Gammon replied with a firm disposition, “It’d be quicker and easier for you to see it directly. I suspect that I myself…will play a role in this memory.”

“You will?”

“You will also learn the reason why I am trapped in this space.”

It seemed he was steadily approaching the crux of it all.
