Ma gazed outside the window of Gallerian’s study in his estate.

She could see Feng and several other PN officers patrolling through the garden.

“…Perhaps it wasn’t terribly wise to make an enemy of Gusuma.”

Gallerian replied to Ma’s words with his gaze resting on the book he was holding, “I had no choice. He refused to provide me funds. He told me he wouldn’t ‘send me money for such nonsensical items as these Vessels of Deadly Sin’. …And our relationship had begun to sour already, anyway. Apparently Gusuma holds me responsible for Mira’s death.”

“Because you didn’t go with her on her trip, I suppose. Sounds to me like he was just lashing out at you. …He doesn’t seem to be of sound mind to me, if he’s putting out a bounty on the head of the peerless director of the Dark Star Bureau. I guess he is the descendant of a pirate, after all.

Having received word that Gusuma had hired assassins on him, Gallerian had been forced to strengthen security around his home. However, he still had concerns over the fact that almost all of PN’s forces were originally people from the Yarera Zusco Conglomerate.

Gallerian set his book aside and gave a small sigh.

“Bruno’s suggested that I add some new members to PN’s top brass. Shiro’s absent, Hel is more an internal affairs person, and Feng was once a member of the Yarera Zusco Conglomerate himself. At present there isn’t anyone that I can safely entrust with my security.”

“If it were just a matter of skill—there is also Jorm.”

“You must be joking. If I make him my bodyguard he’s liable to just kill me. And he has a deeper relationship with Gusuma than Feng to start with. –Where is he now, anyway?”

“With Postman in ‘Lunaca Labora’.”

“…Is that safe? Leaving him with Postman.”

“Postman has been instructed to drug him regularly. As that’s keeping up the effects of the brainwashing I performed on him, there shouldn’t be any issues for now. …Though speaking frankly, I’d been pretty reluctant to let him out of prison…Well, now that things have turned out this way I’m sure I’ve plenty of uses for him.”

Gallerian stood and put his book on the shelf, going to gaze out the window next to Ma.

“…I’ve added to the number of people who seek to oppose me, by joining up with the Freezises. Especially in PN. …Worst case scenario, I may have to rely on Jorm to dispose of them.”

“I pray that doesn’t happen.”

“Even if I end up making enemies of all around me, I…need money. To restore Michelle to normal, so that she can move her body again—To collect all of the Vessels of Deadly Sin.”

Gallerian took out the “Marlon Spoon” from his breast pocket.

Just as it had the first time he saw it, the spoon was giving off a very faint blue glow.

“’Once you collect all seven vessels, your wish will be granted’, huh…I still don’t know if that’s true or not, but right now I have no choice but to believe it. Michelle can’t even be cured at the ‘Lunaca Labora’ facility.”

“The auto-doc there is a marvel, but it’s not omnipotent. It can’t cure every single ailment and injury that exists…unfortunately.”

“I know. That’s why I need the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’, and the money and information to collect them. –On that point, the Freezis Conglomerate is superior to the Yarera Zusco Conglomerate. In decline though they may be, the information network that’s the origin point for the massive shipping company that they run…It’s something that the Yarera Zusco Conglomerate just doesn’t have.”

“It’s not just about finding them—you ought to put some thought into what you will have to do to obtain them as well.”

“Indeed; even this ‘Marlon Spoon’ cost me money in the end.”

When Ma had first brought the spoon to him, it had been stolen goods from the Dark Star Bureau. If that were discovered, not only would Ma be arrested, but there was a chance that Gallerian could be held responsible as well, and lose his job.

In order to avoid that, the first thing that Gallerian had done was bribe the guards to the bureau’s storage. Then he had rewritten the related documents, his forgeries claiming that he was the spoon’s rightful owner. Naturally, he’d also made sure to pay off anyone else that had been involved.

“In the event that the Vessel of Deadly Sin belongs to someone, I’ll need the coin to buy it off them.”

“In any case, it’ll likely take some time before any new information comes in regarding the vessels, so—” Ma moved further inside the study and took a seat in Gallerian’s favored chair. “—Let’s begin with a place that’s within reach for now.”

“…Do you have a lead?”

“The USE allied forces soldiers that I’m working with—the eldest Nyoze of the Octo brothers…is in possession of an item I believe to be one of the Vessels of Deadly Sin.”

“Is that true!?”

Gallerian drew closer in excitement.

“I still haven’t verified it in person yet. I figure it’d be wise for you to go see him, regardless. I’ll tag along with you, and I can make sure that it’s the real deal while we’re there.”

“Right—Though, that’s pretty unexpectedly close by, if it is indeed a genuine Vessel of Deadly Sin. Maybe gathering all of them won’t be as hard as all that.”

“…I wouldn’t advise you get too optimistic about it. There are many people out there who have tried to collect the Vessels of Deadly Sin. But not a single one has achieved their goal. –It is said that this is because the vessels have a ‘will’ of their own.”

Gallerian inclined his head.

“A will? Do you mean the will of the demons that reside inside them?”
“No. Something different from that…a consciousness of the vessel itself. That they all detest each other, and try to resist being put together in one place. So while it may be simple to collect one or two, as the number you possess goes up, the harder it is to get the next vessel—Like how magnets of the same pole will repel each other. It is said that this is the work of the ‘Twins of God’ who created the Vessels of Deadly Sin”.

“…You’re saying that if someone who has a vessel gets too close, a different one will be pushed far away?”

“Well, I guess so, physically speaking. But in all my years of research, I have finally hit upon a way to weaken this effect. And that is…the married couple that were the adoptive parents of the ‘Twins of God’, and the rightful owners of the vessels—the spirits of ‘Adam’ and ‘Eve’. If you make a contract with either of them, then the repulsion effect weakens. If you have both of them…then you no longer need worry about the work of the ‘Twins of God’.”

“—I’ve already made a contract with ‘Adam’. That should put me in a better position for collecting the Vessels of Deadly Sin.”

“Oh yes…But you must make sure you are not unprepared.”

Ma took out her pipe and lit it.
