Gallerian wound up meeting with second lieutenant Nyoze Octo of the USE allied forces by an introduction from Ma.

They met at the Octo brothers’ personal home in Samadin, located in the southeastern region of Levianta.
“—This is it.”

Nyoze had set down on his living room table a single Jakokuan katana.

“My, this is quite—”

Gallerian moved to take it in his hands, but Nyoze stopped him.

“Please do not touch it. An ominous spirit lies within this katana, and so if anyone outside of the Octo family touches it, they may become possessed.”

“…I do certainly sense an unusual presence here. –Ma.”

Gallerian inclined his head towards Ma, standing next to him.

“Oh yes. I am certain that this is indeed what we have been searching for—it is none other than the ‘Venom Sword’.”

“I see…Second Lieutenant Nyoze. You just said that if I were to touch this sword I would be possessed by a spirit, but why is it alright for members of the Octo family?”

“We have a cleansing sigil passed down from our ancestor that is tattooed onto our bodies. It has considerable power to resist the spirit.”

Gallerian then asked Nyoze why it was that they had the sword.

According to him, this cursed blade was an heirloom passed down in the Octo family.

“My great-grandfather, Anan Okuto, came to the continent of Maistia from Jakoku in order to recover this heirloom that had been stolen by thieves, and then after that he arrived in the Evillious region. After a span of forty years he finally found the cursed blade…but he passed away in this land instead of making it home to Jakoku. As his descendants, we continue to protect this katana throughout the generations—I own it as the current head of the Octo family.”

“Hmmm…” Gallerian tapped his cheek, then suggested to Nyoze, “But if you say that this katana is dangerous, do you really think it’s wise to have it be in the possession of a military man such as yourself? To say nothing of the fact that, as I hear it, you and your brother Sergeant Major Gammon are often away from home on military duty. It would be terrible if some burglar were to break in.”

“I…suppose that’s true.”

“I think you already know Ma, but she is extremely learned when it comes to magic. I believe that she knows ways to keep from being possessed by the spirit in the katana.”

Ma’s eyes widened unintentionally.

That probably meant that what Gallerian was saying now was not something that they had gone over beforehand, but rather him making an excuse on his own.

In other words, it was complete bull.

“A much more secure place would be better for keeping it. Such as one of the military facilities, or the Dark Star Bureau’s storage area. –Even my house would be alright, if that suits you? At the very least it would have tighter security than here.”

If it was in a military facility he could just collude with Tony on that later, and if it was in the Dark Star Bureau he could use the same tactics as with the Marlon Spoon. And putting it in Gallerian’s home would be the quickest route overall.

In other words, he was contriving so that no matter who took custody of it, ultimately the katana would end up with Gallerian.

But Nyoze didn’t nod along to his suggestion.
“I appreciate your concern, but…I still won’t be parting with this cursed sword. I told you this already, but it is a family heirloom. I would be a disgrace to my family if I were to pass it along to someone else.”

“A family heirloom…Hm.” Ma faintly smiled, blowing out smoke from her pipe. “You have no proof that this katana is really the ancestral property of the Octo family in Jakoku, is that not true? If it took him forty years to get his hands on it, then Anan must have been at quite an advanced age by then. There’s a chance that the old boy got senile, and convinced himself that a completely different katana was his family heirloom—”

Nyoze scowled, glaring at Ma. “Pardon me, but that’s purely your own speculation. You have no proof.”

“Well…I suppose that’s true.”

“Whatever the case, given that this katana is one that was passed down by my great-grandfather, that makes it a precious treasure to me.”

Gallerian leaned forward. “I didn’t say it would be free. I’ll pay you 10—no, 20 million Ev. A sum that an officer of the USE army could never save up his entire lifetime.”

“…Why do you want this katana so badly, sir Director? I’m having trouble gauging your true motives here.”

“I’ll speak frankly. I am something of a sword enthusiast. I collect rare blades from every country, all over the world. So I absolutely must add this to my collection as well—"

“You cannot. Please leave.”
He was completely unapproachable.

.

Gallerian drove the two of them along the road that led back to Alicegrad.

“He wouldn’t go for this, he wouldn’t go for that—Despite appearances he’s a very stubborn man.” He made no move to hide the irritation on his face. “Even all that money didn’t get him to bat an eye. Just why is that blade so important to him—”

Sitting in the passenger seat, Ma said simply, “He—has already been taken over by the katana.”

“…What do you mean?”

“The demon that dwells in the Venom Sword is the demon of ‘Lust’—and it has a tendency to speak to the hearts of those who own it in order to secure a contract. –‘Give yourself over’, and things like that. The demon of ‘Lust’ in particular has powers of bewitchment, so its influence on people’s hearts is quite great. Someone who has been taken over by the demon’s allure will come to have a strong attachment to the vessel. …Almost as one might love the opposite sex.”

“But Nyoze said that he had a cleansing sigil tattooed on his body.”

“That has no bearing on it whatsoever. A tattoo’s not going to ward off a demon. Nyoze, and of course his brother Gammon, are already—”

“If that’s the case, then it’ll be difficult to get the sword from the two of them via lawful means. I’ll…have to think of something.”

The automobile moved along the path at a casual speed.
