Gast was smiling with every swing of his sword. Is he playing with me? No, he is just pushing me into the corner.

(Honestly, I thought I can’t beat that guy. However… In battle, I found out that your enemies has unique mannerism)

Gast stopped swinging his sword. Is he tired? In short, this is an opportunity! I prepared myself to fight back.

However, it was a trap. Gast lifted his sword upward then attacked my side. A feint! I tried to twist my body.

No, it was inevitable.

(This guy’s swordsmanship was unbelievable. It was simply unpredictable. However…)

—Swish—

There was the sound of something being cut. This time, it was not hair. I twisted my body and jumped up, then pulled away from Gast.
His eyes flashed bright red, and then dimmed.
Have my eyes.... been stabbed? No, I simply could not open my eyes.

“This is the end, young lady”

I hear Gast’s footsteps approaching.

Father, what should I do...

(I noticed, when the guy was about to thrust, he had a habit of striking a specific spot)

I must calm down, if the eyes cannot see, then listen with your ears! Sound... I must not miss any sound!

(This guy's last aim... is going to be... the enemy's neck!)

—Swish—

Gast’s sword pierced the air.

I leaned forward and waited for Gast’s attack...

—Swish—

I took advantage and attacked his side.

At the same time, Gast groaned loudly.

Although my eyes were still fuzzy, but nonetheless I was able to keep my eyes open, and it seems my eyes were not stabbed.

“...... it’s beautiful”

A fallen man murmured. Although not clear, but I’m sure it was Gast. My attack seems to be successful.

“Finally, I have found a place to die... I have only one question though, how did you know how to counter me even though you can’t see?”

“Do you not remember the heraldry on my armour?”

Gast looked at my armour then became stiff.
