Chapter 3

Section 1 ——The King and the Girl——

✥ Kyle Marlon ~In the Lucifenian Palace, “Hall of Mirrors”~

Long ago, I had wanted to be a painter.

A private room on the second floor of Marlon castle was
my studio when I was young.

As a boy I liked to paint pictures, and when I found free
time I would paint the likeness of the castle denizens. If pressed, I would say
I loved painting people and animals more than any scenery. It was more fun to
depict things that could move, that were alive.

Why was it that I liked painting?

The reason I found when I tried to recall was perhaps
because everyone praised me for it. It was a pleasant feeling to be appreciated
for something I myself did, rather than as a prince.

When I was fourteen, the woman who was my tutor praised
me a great deal. She told me my use of light color was wonderful. She’d been
referring to a picture I had painted of a relative of mine who had stayed at
the castle for a short period at the time. Come to think of it, I haven’t seen
that blonde girl since then. What was she doing now?

I had kept charge of that picture like it was a treasure.
I had fallen in love with my tutor. She was a green haired, lovely Elphe woman.
Her wise bearing had deeply captivated my young heart.

When I grow up, I’m
going marry you, Mrs. Margaret.

While at first she seemed a bit troubled when I announced
that to her, afterwards she smiled at me. Thinking on it now, I’d said
something foolish. It was only natural that it would bother her.

Mrs. Margaret was already married.

Her husband was a high-ranking official in the Marlon
government. He held a great deal of influence even in the royal family, and apparently
around then he would often quarrel with my father–the king–and the Empress
Dowager on matters of governance.

When I was fifteen, she and her husband were arrested as
political offenders. During their imprisonment they drank poison and died.

How had she gotten poison into the prison? There was nobody
who would answer my question.

Around then, having heard rumors of the man Keel Freezis,
who would undertake anything as long as you paid him, I dispatched him to
investigate into it.

What had happened in the jail when she died?

Keel found out everything for me. That the jailer had
given her poison, and that they’d done it under the orders of my mother, the
Empress Dowager Prim…

After that I ended up immersing myself in painting all
the more. It got to where I wanted to be a painter for real–where I wouldn’t
even mind leaving the throne if that was what it took.

My mother’s actions had likely been done with the best
interests of the country of Marlon in mind. I knew that.

But I came to tremendously hate being under her thumb.

While gazing at the painting titled “The King and
the Three Heroes” that decorated the ceiling of the Hall of Mirrors in the
Lucifenian Palace, I recalled the memories that I had regarding it in my past.

Nikolay Tolle. That was the name of the artist who made
this ceiling painting.

During critiques he had disparaged my painting as
rubbish. It was the commentary of a painter who boasted immense authority in
the art world. He had enormous influence. I gradually lost my place there.

In the end, I had no choice but to give up on my dream of
being a painter.

I despaired my lack of ability.

I had been conceited in thinking I had any skill. Of
course I wasn’t anyone worthy of being praised. If it wasn’t for me being a
member of the royal family I would have been worthless garbage.

–Such feelings went around inside my whole body at the
time.

And I burned up all of the paintings I’d made up until
then.

All but one. I couldn’t discard that painting that Mrs.
Margaret had praised. On the other hand, it was too painful to keep in my
possession.

Unable to just watch, Keel told me that he would purchase
that picture from me.

“You can buy
it back from me someday when you’ve put your feelings in order. I’ll look after
it until then…I’ll
be doubling the selling price, though.”

He was a man whose feelings I couldn’t read, but even so
among all the people around me Keel was the one I could trust the most.

Though over ten years have passed since then, I still
haven’t been able to buy that painting back.

It was quite a while after that when I learned that the
great painter Nikolay having scoffed at my paintings the way he did had been
after receiving money from Empress Dowager Prim. Seems the old man was a genius
as a painter, but contemptible as a person.

I fulfilled my obligations to the royal family and
inherited the throne after my father died.

“A puppet controlled by Empress Dowager Prim”, “A
powerless dimwit king”—I knew that I was being gossiped about being my back.

But I absolutely am not a fool. I am not some worthless
person.

Haven’t I obtained the most territory for Marlon ever by
annexing Lucifenia, as proof of that?

I will make my country much, much stronger. I will build
it up to be the most powerful of all of them.

I know that everyone will respect me when I do.

In the Hall of Mirrors right now there was me, several
guards, and General George Ausdin.

He was once a famous general of the former Lucifenian
Kingdom, and now he was one of my underlings. The countless scars that adorned
his body told of his long military service.

"Apparently Retasan Fortress has been conquered,”
George informed me in a carefree tone.

“‘Apparently’, huh? Sounds like it’s
someone else’s problem, General George.”

I said it intending to be sarcastic, but it didn’t seem
to have much effect on the veteran general.

“It is someone
else’s problem. I was currently in the middle of fighting that lot from
Asmodean, after all.”

“Even if I’m in charge of it right now, this is your
country. You need to treat this more seriously. Or are you reluctant to obey
Marlon like the other factions of old Lucifenia?”

“Certainly not.”

George ran a hand through his swept-back hair.

His behavior certainly didn’t have the conduct of speaking
with the king of one’s country. But that wasn’t because he had any rebellious
feelings towards me; rather it was a result of his personality. He’d be that
way towards anyone.

At any rate, I wasn’t the kind of person to go around
beheading people like that tempestuous Princess Riliane. The way I heard it,
during her reign George had wholly dedicated himself to the country’s defense,
and so rarely showed his face in the palace.

“The other generals have lost a bit of their morale,
following you making that amateur lass a commander.”

By that I knew he meant Ney Phatipe, who had recently
been made the new commander of Retasan Fortress, and who had recently had that
fortress successfully stolen from her.

“A woman being commander was the case with her
predecessor, wasn’t it?”

“Come what may with her, Lily was Gaston’s daughter
and an elite soldier. In some way or another she had real power as a general.
Even if Ney is the adopted daughter of Mariam of the Three Heroes, she was a maid
up until several years ago. You can’t compare the two.”

Mariam Phatipe had been a covert operative hailing from
Asmodean. It was said that she engaged in secret intelligence activities,
hidden in the shadows.

I’d heard Keel had once paid her a great deal for those
abilities, exchanging a large sum in the hope that she would teach him her
ways. Though it seems she’d coldly refused him.

And it was also said that Ney was adopted by her after
finding her when she was young.

“According to what I’ve heard, there were times when
Ney aided in Mariam’s work, wasn’t there? In that case her own abilities must
be…”

“You mean in her secret intelligence work? Acting
behind the scenes and leading from the front lines are two different beasts
entirely.”

It was clear that George basically wanted to say that it
was a blunder to make Ney Retasan’s commander.

“This incompetent king should butt out of his
people’s affairs. …That what you mean?”

“No no, that’s not it at all…”

It wasn’t that I couldn’t understand George’s dissatisfaction.

But there were certain circumstances now that made it so
I had to do this.

Though, George and
the other generals aren’t likely to agree even if I told them.

“Well, what shall I do now?”

George made no attempt to hide his irritation, clearly
wanting to finish up the meeting quickly. He probably wanted to head to the
battlefield as soon as possible. He had great enthusiasm for his work.

There had been a localized strike from Asmodean in the
east at the same time as the havoc in Retasan, but that was quieted down due to
George’s efforts.

After the death of their commander, that country lost all
of its cohesion. Occasionally they would attack, as though trying to stay
relevant, but they weren’t that big of a threat anymore.

At any rate, they would be assimilated into Marlon like
Lucifenia.

I explained my plan of attack to George.

“Beelzenia will likely use Retasan Fortress as a
staging point for attacking Lucifenia. Join forces with the surrounding army
and make sure that doesn’t happen. As long as you’re leading them the other
generals will follow.”

“Wouldn’t it be faster to just take back
Retasan?”

“We will. But first get ready the battle power within
the country while maintaining our defense. Once we’ve made preparations, we’ll
take not only Retasan but the entire Beelzenian Empire.”

“Hah…That’s quite a plan there.”

George’s tone was closer to
scorn than amazement. “Do you plan to unite the entire Evillious
region?”

“Eventually, yes.”

Perhaps because what I had replied was surprising, for
the first time today I saw the smile leave George’s face.

“King Kyle…May I say a few words out of turn, with
your permission?”

He was serious–this wasn’t the joking tone he’d been
using up until now.

“That’s a little late for you at this point. Go on,
say it.”

“I have…always thought that people are born having a
certain status, or means. Uniting Evillious–that is a grand undertaking to
have, I think. But I’m afraid there is a limited amount of people who’d be able
to pull that off.”

“You’re saying I don’t have the means to do
that?”

“I think…He’s already long dead by now, but Princess
Riliane’s father–King Arth the First–he might have been able to pull it off.
But if you try, Your Majesty, you’ll end
up warping things. It can only end in tragedy. If you intend to persist even
so, then that’s not ambition. It’s mere 'Pride’.”

At that point George seemed to realize that he’d been
speaking in a way quite unlike himself. He once more returned to his foppish
grin.

“But what’s a guy who keeps in high spirits while
killing people in war saying? I’m speaking out of turn. Sorry–please disregard
that. If you can’t stomach me you’re welcome to have me beheaded.”

“I said it earlier, didn’t I? That’s a little late for
you, at this point.”

I was not like Riliane. I was not the kind of small
person who gave in to his fury and idly executed his underlings.

Even so, before I knew it my tightly gripped right fist
had started trembling.

“Thanks for that. Well then, I’ll be off to go chop
off the Beelzenian soldiers.”

“You’ll be entrusted with twenty thousand men as
your main force. I’m counting on you.”

After lifting his right hand in response to my words,
George calmly left the Hall of Mirrors.

Because the country of Marlon was on an island surrounded
by ocean, the main country’s soldiers had never fought a land war. For that
reason it was bound to fall behind in battle on its own soil.

In order to keep up with others it was vitally necessary
then to have the cooperation of Lucifenia’s old famous generals, starting with
George.

My personal guard, Clive, passed by George and entered
the Hall of Mirrors. He knelt before me.

I had once secretly joined in the revolution using the
fake name of Karchess. Clive was a senior soldier who had acted alongside me
then.

“I have news. Lady Ney has returned.”

So, Ney Phatipe was back.

Well then, I wonder what excuse she’ll come up with for
letting Retasan fall?

“I see…I’ll receive her in the Hall of Sounds. Bring
her there.”

“Yes sir!”

Clive stood and once again departed.

Watching him go, I was reminded of that revolution.

Has it really been
five years since then?

The revolutionary army led by the red swordswoman
Germaine Avadonia had smoothly defeated the Lucifen dynasty, saving the people
from their tyrannical rule. She had become a hero that everyone praised.

Her value was such that even now that Germaine had become
a wanted woman due to the “Witch Hunt Order” that I put out, there
was no change in her reputation among the common people. Each time I heard them
speak of her, my heart was filled with irritation.

Why did everyone admire such a criminal as that…?

Mere pride, huh…?

Maybe it was just as George said. What on earth was I
hoping to accomplish?

…I couldn’t become weak. I put my hand on the hand mirror
in my pocket.

Give over
everything.

Give over everything to your
feelings.

A voice came from the mirror. Upon hearing it, my heart
relaxed a great deal.

I am not mistaken about anything.

I am just.

I will persist on bringing justice, if it’s for that.

I will even become evil.
