Through his demon transformation, he had attained superhuman abilities. However, it wasn’t enough for one to face the entire army of the Beelzenian Empire. The main power of Demon of Lust was only the ability to attract the opposite sex. The only thing that Sateriasis can do for now was to keep Lukana unseen, hidden deep in the mansion, where only they could indulge each other for their nightly antics.

There was a basement in the mansion. It seemed that it hasn’t been used for a long time, though Sateriasis had lost his memory of any of that and had never set foot in it. Without any windows, the place was cut off from the outside world, making it the perfect place to confine Lukana.

The basement’s space was comparable to the first floor so size wasn’t the problem, but it had a lifeless and insipid atmosphere. It made Sateriasis feel reluctant to confine Lukana there.

That said, he now had a completely different reason to not have servants in the mansion, so he’d have to consider how to deal with that.

And there are still other complications. By now, Lukana’s family——her parents and uncle, should notice she’s gone missing and start causing a commotion about it. He’d have to think of some sort of solution for that too.

Lukana staying at Sateriasis’ mansion to do some tailoring was a well-known fact. If she had disappeared, Sateriasis would definitely be suspected.

But it seemed that I.R. has already found a solution to that problem. When Sateriasis asked her to explain what it was, all she said was she’d tell him after they dealt with Mikulia Greeonio.

(Mikulia Greeonio, eh….?)

The green-haired peasant girl.

Why didn’t his spell work on her at that time?

It’s in order to know that reason. And Sateriasis would "use any means” to keep the one who witnessed his body’s mouth shut.

With that, Sateriasis and I.R. passed through the gates of Abito village.

---

\*The term used for “Lord” literally means a “feudal lord”.

\*A peasant refers to a farmer in a feudal era setting.
