“The Forest of Held”, the southern region of Elphegort.

The sorceress Elluka Clockworker had come to the forest for the first time in a long while to meet with an old friend.

There were no paved roads in the forest of Held. There was no way for people to move through aside from difficult animal paths, and if anyone who wasn’t accustomed to them wandered in they would instantly become lost.

As Elluka had come to these woods many times before, it wasn’t very difficult at all for her to reach her destination. All she needed to pay caution to was to make sure the robe she was wearing didn’t catch and tear on any tree branches.

Shortly thereafter she came out into a clearing. In the middle of it stood an enormous tree.

The moment Elluka arrived, the tree’s trunk began to roil and swell, and eventually took on a shape like a face.

The large tree had grown a face. A low voice emanated from its mouth.

“If it isn’t Elluka. Does your being here mean that there has been some great calamity outside the forest? Or are you here regarding the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’?”

Even if someone other than Elluka were there, they wouldn’t be able to pick up his voice. Only those with great magical power could talk to this great tree–the earth god, Held.

“–I see. The 'Twin Swords of Levianta’ that had been in the great Levin church in Lucifenia were fakes, hm?” Held murmured regretfully.

“Good grief…it’s always like this. I finally find a clue on a 'Vessel of Deadly Sin’, and after all I had to go through in the end it was all for nothing. It’s been three hundred years already and I still haven’t managed to get my hands on a single one!”

Elluka slammed her fist on Held’s face before her.

“You won’t get anywhere by hitting me. My body is a tree, after all, so even if I’m struck it won’t hurt me.”

“I know that. That’s why I do it.”

“Well, the world is vast. What’s more, it seems they are always being passed around from person to person. I guess all you can do is be patient.”

“You make it sound like it’s someone else’s problem. Weren’t those 'Vessels of Deadly Sin’ originally born here in your forest? I’ve only been searching for them because you told me to! That is to say, I’m just a volunteer! A VOL-UN-TEER!”

“But don’t forget, you are part of the reason those 'Vessels of Deadly Sin’ were created, Elluka. You released the 'Demons of Deadly Sin’ that dwell in those vessels–”

“Augh–That’s enough talk. Very well, I see how it is. It’s my fault for blowing up the Magic Kingdom with the 'Clockworker’s Secret Art’.”

Elluka stuck out her tongue and punched Held again.

“Did I not just say that you can’t hurt me? By the by, I’ve heard that the Magic Kingdom has been newly rebuilt.”

“'Holy Levianta’, huh? That’s something else entirely, it just has the same name. Seems as though they haven’t even taken over any of the legacy of their past, so there’s no need for concern.”

“Still, that place isn’t good. If they were ever to do anything that would dig up the relics of our era that lay dormant in that land–”

“…I think you’re worrying over nothing, but I’ll watch out for now.”

As Elluka and Held continued their conversation, a green-feathered robin stopped on one of Held’s branches and began to talk to Elluka. “Ah, it’s Elluka! Long time no see!”

Elluka looked to the robin and grinned.

“Michaela, so sorry. I’m talking to Held about something important for a little bit. I’ll play with you later, so could you excuse us for a minute?”

“…Tch.”

After the robin named Michaela’s head dropped in disappointment, they left once more.

“Still an energetic spirit as ever. How many others are there, again? Spirits that serve you, I mean.”

“Not sure. I don’t remember well.”

“What an irresponsible god you are.”

“Well then, let’s return to the topic at hand. It was about Holy Levianta, wasn’t it?”

“I think we’re done talking about that. I came here because I had an area of interest other than my report on the 'Twin Swords of Levianta’.”

“Ho…”

The wind blew, and Held’s leaves and branches faintly swayed.

“Recently I’ve hired a maid. An unpaid one.”

“How unusual for you to hang around with another person. Does she have any magical talent?”

“She is stupendous–stupendously untalented. I tried to teach her two or three simple spells as a test, but she failed each one.”

“Then why do you have this person working with you?”

“Mikulia Greeonio…I spoke with you about her, before.”

“One of the mistresses of Duke Venomania…and the one who resembled the 'Original Sinner’, right?” Held’s tree bark eyes faintly narrowed as though trying to remember.

“The maid that I’ve got employed is apparently a descendant of that Mikulia. And she also–”

“Has the same face of the 'Original Sinner’, I’m guessing.”

“The 'Original Sinner’ shouldn’t have any descendants. I’d heard that the first Project 'Ma’ was a failure. So then why are there so many people showing up who look like her?!”

Held closed his eyes and seemed to think about Elluka’s question for a moment, and then finally opened them again and replied, “I don’t think you need to concern yourself with it much. I think it’s quite common in this world for people with the same face to show up through the ages, regardless of blood relation. Things like that happened in our era as well, but it seems more striking in this world. Though of course, if they are blood descendants then the likelihood of it is much higher.”

“Why in the world does that happen, you think?”

“Ask 'LeviaBehemo’. After all, it was them who constructed the humans of this world, not I.”

LeviaBehemo was the name of the divine dragon worshipped by many of the people who lived in Evillious. But, unfortunately, Elluka had never met them.

“Then where should I go to meet this 'LeviaBehemo’, hm?”

“…”

“Why are you quiet on that?”

“Anyhow, you didn’t sense any demons inside Mikulia Greeonio, did you?”

“Yeah. And I don’t sense any of that at all in my maid.”

“Then you needn’t worry. It’s just an accidental resemblance between strangers. –Did you not bring this person here today?”

“She seemed like if I brought her here she’d cause mayhem with the spirits. I put a capture spell on her and left her locked up in my house.”

“Such cruel things you do…”

“It couldn’t be helped. The second I take my eyes off her she tries to run off, that girl.”

“Did you at least leave her anything to eat?”

Elluka looked taken aback, and put a hand to her mouth.

“Ah…I forgot. I’d feel just terrible if she starved to death, I should head back before too long. –I’ll see you later, Held.”

So saying, she jogged away from Held.

A robin flew through the air at breakneck speed after Elluka

“Hold on, Elluka~ Are you going back already~?! Didn’t you say we’d play together~!?”
