It was nighttime on Gallerian’s estate. Gusts of snow blowing in from the crosswind continued to slam against the windows. It seemed the blizzard wasn’t going to let up for some time.

The red wineglass that he had retrieved from the ‘Graveyard’ restaurant sat on the table. Bruno took it up in his hands, bringing it closer to his eyes.

“…So this is a ‘Vessel of Deadly Sin’. To me it just looks like an ordinary glass—”

“You probably shouldn’t touch it. There’s supposed to be a demon lurking within it. Apparently, those who contract with it become ‘evil food eaters’ who can eat whatever they want,” Gallerian informed him, wiping his face with a napkin after having finished his meal.

“A demon of ‘Gluttony’, huh…Perhaps you ought to contract with this one instead, sir. You haven’t been eating as well lately.”

“It’s not that I can’t eat. I’m just trying not to eat as much. I did just put away an entire full course meal at ‘Graveyard’, you know.”

The phone started to ring. Bruno picked up the receiver and began to speak to the other person.

After a moment he set the receiver back down and said to Gallerian, “It’s Ma. She’ll have to come over here tomorrow morning.”

“I see. Well, that’s understandable, with this blizzard.”

“She says that we must make sure to keep the glass under observation until she can apply her sealing magic to the demon.”

“You say that, but it’s not like it can do anything right now. Just put it in an interior room with the sword.”

Bruno once again gazed at the wineglass in his hand.

“…I’m thinking that perhaps it isn’t so wise to leave these items in the house. I don’t know much about demons, but what is clear to me is that these are items you have obtained via unlawful means. You never know if the people who run the bureau’s storage might betray you someday.”

“I do have an idea for that. Ma’s made a certain request of me recently. My idea could not only grant that request, but also provide me a place to store the vessels—Though it requires a bit of money.”

“Ma’s greed isn’t a recent development. Perhaps she thinks that she can withdraw any amount of money from you. …I’m not sure you should be hearing out any of her whims.”
“But—"

There was the sound of something breaking in the living room.

Gallerian stopped talking and looked in that direction.

“What was that?”

“Maybe the window glass shattered from the force of the wind. I’ll go check.”

“…Take care. We don’t have anyone on guard for tonight.”

“—I’ll take the gun with me.”

Bruno took a pistol that had been left in a cupboard and set the wineglass there in its stead.

But in the very next moment—There was a loud crash, and a window right near him exploded inward.

“–!?”

Then something pure white entered from there—and it wasn’t snow. It was the arm of a human being, with skin that was unnaturally white.

Bruno fired at the spot without thinking. But the creature pulled its body into the dining room without flinching away.

The moment his eyes locked on its form, Bruno shouted in surprise, “It’s—a dead soldier?! Sir, run!”

Gallerian shot to his feet, and fled into the hallway from a door further in.

–But then he immediately whirled back inside, closing the door and locking it.
“It’s no use, Bruno! They’re already swarming the hallway!”

“What!? …Dammit, how did dead soldiers get into a mansion in the middle of town—”

As Bruno fired at the dead soldier that had come in from the window, he once more picked up the wineglass with his other hand and backed towards a corner of the dining room, moving as though to shield Gallerian.

From the other side of the door they could hear vicious blows. They were likely trying to break the door down. Before they knew it there were three dead soldiers in the dining room, and they were steadily advancing on the two men.

And then—an even worse invader leaped into the room from the broken window.

“GWAAAAAARRR!”

–And that was an enormous giant human over two meters tall. No, they couldn’t even tell if he was truly human. He was wearing a uniform. A faintly sullied chef uniform. They couldn’t tell if the red fluid that was splattered across it was animal blood from cooking or human blood. In his right hand he held a large cleaver, and his skin was a quicklime white like the rest of the dead soldiers around him.

“—So, you Gallerian?”

The man thrusted the cleaver before Gallerian’s eyes.

“Give back our master.”

“Master…!? What are you talking about? Just who are you in the first place? Are you—not a dead soldier?”

“Urgh…Don’t give me questions! Don’t ask me anything hard! Hand back our master now!”

The man grew enraged, and lifted the cleaver high.
“–!”

Bruno shot him twice in the stomach.

–But that only seemed to make his target angrier.

“That hurt! Whadda you doing, asshole!?”

After clutching at his stomach with his left hand, he then reached out and grabbed Bruno by the neck.

“Bruno!”

“Grk…”

While in clear suffering, Bruno pointed the muzzle of the gun at the man’s head and pulled the trigger.

But the gun only made a hollow click, appearing to have run out of bullets.

All the color steadily drained from Bruno’s face.

“—Cut it out, ‘Eater’.”

At that moment, a voice called out from the window to stop the man.

“…”

The man obeyed the voice, and released Bruno.

The owner of the voice gracefully jumped in from the window, clearing away snow from his shoulders.

“Sigh…I’ve spoiled my best tuxedo.”

It wasn’t to the degree of the man called Eater, but this one was extremely tall. He wore a black tuxedo and silk tophat, gripping a walking stick in his left hand. Additionally, he too had skin far whiter than was humanly possible.

Upon seeing his figure, the dead soldiers all ceased moving and stood in place.

The noise from outside the door had also died down.

“I apologize for my colleagues, Mister Zero. And—” The man in the tuxedo peered at Gallerian’s face with great interest. “—I see, so you are Mister Marlon…The ‘collector’.”

“Collector?”

“Yes, that’s right. I have heard you are gathering the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’, are you not? That is what I would call someone with such capabilities—Oop, do forgive me.” The man took a step backward and then neatly bowed. “I should introduce myself. I am the proprietor of ‘Graveyard’—My name is Lich Arklow. This one beside me here is Eater Sabear. He is my chef.”

“The—proprietor of Graveyard!?”

“Correct. You can surmise the reason for our having come here tonight, I expect? …We came to request the return of the vessel you stole from my establishment—the ‘Glass of Conchita’—and the immediate release of my waitstaff, ‘Waiter’.”

“Ho, and is this what you call a ‘request’, to break in the windows of a person’s home and strangle their servants?”

Lich replied to Gallerian’s provocation with an unruffled expression, “Oohoohoo, I could say the same for you. Thanks to you my establishment is in shambles. There’s no way we can open for business again.”

“You called me the ‘collector’ earlier. You said that was someone who is capable of holding onto the Vessels of Deadly Sin. –So then there shouldn’t be any problem with me owning the ‘Glass of Conchita’, right?”

“You might have the capability, but that doesn’t mean you can just steal someone’s property. –I’ll be taking it back now,” Lich said, snatching back the wineglass from the fallen Bruno’s hand. “Relax, Mister Marlon. As long as you obey my demands we won’t make any more trouble for you.”

“You’re telling me to listen to the kind of person who comes accompanied by dead soldiers?”

“…Oh my, this puts me in a bind. How can you take such a stubborn position in a situation like this…?” Lich pushed his index finger into Gallerian’s throat. “Don’t you forget. Your life is currently in our hands.”

“…”

“—Oh?”

Lich noticed a change in the wineglass that he was holding.

The glass was giving off a red light, flickering repeatedly.

“…Eater. Hold this for a bit.”
Lich handed the ‘Glass of Conchita’ to Eater.

And then in that next moment—before their eyes Lich’s body was swallowed up inside the glass.

“–!?”

Gallerian watched on this with an expression of shock.

–After a few seconds, Lich once more flew out of the glass, sporting an expression of slight dissatisfaction.

“…Honestly, that one’s willfulness is quite vexing.” Surprisingly, Lich turned to Gallerian and kneeled, adopting a subservient posture. “Our master has accepted you becoming the owner of the ‘Glass of Conchita’, Mister Marlon. And as such, I must acquiesce to your decision. This very night, I, Lich Arklow, and Eater Sabear shall become your servants.”

“Wh-wha!?” Gallerian was dumbfounded. “What’s with this sudden development?”

“—However, our master has some conditions. That you not bring the ‘Glass of Conchita’ anywhere near your companion, Miss Ma, and additionally—that you look for the ‘grave yard’.”

“The ‘grave yard’? You mean your restaurant?”

“No, they’re different. The restaurant ‘Graveyard’ originally took its name from that. The discovery of the ‘grave yard’ is our master’s fondest wish. Our master has told me that if you are able to collect all of the Vessels of Deadly Sin, Mister Marlon, then that location will naturally become clear to you—And also that if you do not agree to this demand, then Eater is to lop off your head with his cleaver.”

“…So in the end, the fact that I’m being threatened hasn’t changed.”

“I don’t think it’s such a bad proposal. You will be able to come into possession of one of the Vessels of Deadly Sin. And…you will obtain a loyal unit of dead men.”

“You must be joking! Having dead soldiers as my underlings will only make me an enemy of the army!”

When Gallerian cried out in anger, Lich merely shook his head in disappointment. “You appear to be under a misconception; the dead soldiers that are laying waste to the territory of the USE have nothing to do with us. Rather, they are an annoyance. Thanks to them we wound up being attacked by the military once.”

“You say that, but to the average person a dead soldier is just a dead soldier.”

“Well then, let’s do this. Outside of emergencies, we will have all of the dead soldiers outside of myself and Eater sleep in their graves. As you can see, there is little different between us and normal humans at a glance, and we are able to communicate. If I may, I heard that you were being targeted by the Yarera Zusco Conglomerate. If you leave your security to us, then we will be able to ensure your safety.”

“Just to be sure…You and the big guy there are both dead soldiers after all?”

“Yes. Though our origins are different from these others. You may even refer to Eater and I as–‘dead gods’.”

“…What an extremely unpleasant designation.”

“Come then, what will it be? Decide quickly. Come on, quickly now!”

“…”

As Gallerian struggled to make a decision, the fallen Bruno finally stirred.

“…I think it best you quietly go along with them, sir.”

“Bruno, you’ve come to. How much did you hear?”

“Everything from around the point where this man said he would become your servant. Whatever the case, this situation doesn’t leave much room for us to decide.”

“True enough—I guess there’s no helping it.” Gallerian turned to Lich again. “Very well, Lich Arklow. From this point on, you will be tasked with the security of this mansion as members of PN…Make sure not to go around telling other people your true identity.”

“Oohoohoo, don’t worry. I did manage to run a restaurant for several years, after all. Although, well…Most of the actual serving of customers was done by ‘Waiter’.”

“Now that you mention it, what should I do about this ‘Waiter’? You did demand her release earlier—”

“Ah, that will be unnecessary. There’s no need to rush, now that we’ve become your servants. She’ll be let out in six months anyway; let her remain in prison for now.”

“…That’s quite cold of you.”
“Eater may have worked with her in the restaurant, but I had no real acquaintanceship with her.”

“…I see.”

And in this way, the uninvited Lich and Eater were forcibly added into Gallerian’s circle of allies.
