The next day, Eater and Feng were having a conversation in the garden of Gallerian’s estate.

“…That’s an impressively large frame you have. I suppose I ought to be pleased to have gained such a promising ally.”

“Auuugh…”

“Your skin is awfully white. Are you sick with something?”

“Auu…I…”

“—No, that was too personal a question. I myself have had many negative experiences due to my appearance, since I was very young. These are the times we live in. There’s nothing strange whatever about someone like you with such white skin. I look forward to working with you, anyhow.”

“…Mhm…Same.”

Ma’s eyes had widened as she gazed upon that scene from inside the mansion.

“’Eater’…and ‘Lich’. To think that I would be reunited with these two in this way…Frankly it makes my head hurt…”
“Do you know them?” Gallerian asked, standing with her.

“Know them…Yes, from long ago. I once met them ages past in the ‘Millennium Tree Forest’. It would…take quite a bit of time to explain the whole story to you, so I will leave it at that.”

Ma’s hesitation to say much further was understandable.

Lich and Eater…the two of them had once been forest spirits who served the Millennium Tree.

Once, Lich had committed the taboo of creating a human being out of mud, perhaps out of a desire for mischief. This invited his god’s wrath, and so Lich was driven from the forest. Eater, who had been a good friend of his, followed him out.

–At some point, the two of them were spotted by the demon of ‘Gluttony’, and became that demon’s subordinates. The demon then recklessly changed these spirits into dead soldiers.

The result of that was that they became their current forms…”dead gods”. Long had they resided with the demon inside the glass, but as Michaela had explained to me, recently they had left to the outside world and for reasons unknown started running a restaurant.

“They have forbidden you from getting near the ‘Glass of Conchita’. I have it in one of my rooms further in, and Lich watches over it. –Apologies, but it seems like it’ll be difficult for you to seal the demon in the glass, at this rate.”

“I believe that is their—or rather, the demon that is their master’s—objective. To keep me from stealing its power…Well, that’s alright for the time being, I suppose. As long as we abide by its demands, the demon isn’t liable to bring us any harm.”
“Oh well. It seems as though Lich and Eater are getting along alright with the other members of PN. …Though there is the problem of them having a bit of a rotten smell.”

All else aside, with this Gallerian had been able to obtain the “Marlon Spoon”, “Venom Sword”, and “Glass of Conchita”.

…Or rather, to be strictly accurate, in addition to those he also had the “Clockworker’s Doll” in hand as well. That doll that he was convinced was his daughter, Michelle. That was also a Vessel of Deadly Sin, but poor Gallerian hadn’t realized that fact.

.

Gallerian’s task of collecting the Vessels of Deadly Sin seemed to be progressing steadily enough, but it wasn’t completely so. Close to a year had passed between him obtaining the “Venom Sword” and the “Glass of Conchita”. Despite the results of his making a contract with “Adam”—this was the reason why Lich had called Gallerian the “Collector”—he would still need time and luck to gather the remaining vessels.

And he would need to foot the bill for researching into them.

Having severed his connection to the Yarera Zusco Conglomerate, Gallerian used his own position as the director of the Dark Star Bureau to save up that money. Whenever wealthy and socially influential people like Bindi and Jason were put on trial, he would declare them innocent in exchange for bribes.

Gallerian sank all of the money that he had obtained that way into finding the Vessels of Deadly Sin.

Him becoming a judge had been for the purpose of reforming the witch trials. That may have been done out of Gallerian’s sense of justice and affection for his deceased mother, but Gallerian had not been a completely upright and honest person from the start. If it was to fulfill his goals he would even use bribery, a misdeed on its own. That was what he had done with Loki.

Having been surrounded by wealthy friends since his time at school, Gallerian must have felt the notion of being “poor” as being a shameful thing sink deeply into his mind.

In the end, in this world it was the people with money who won. Poverty dulled one’s wit. Money was the best lawyer in hell. –Maybe that was what he started to believe. Perhaps the rumors that circulated when he married Mira, that he was after the fortune that the Yarera Zusco Conglomerate possessed, were the truth after all.

As I have continued to observe him, thirty years have gone by. For me it is a very slight span of time, but for Gallerian it is long enough that it could even be considered half of his life. It’s very rare for me to continue to watch a single human being for such a period.

I feel as though I have come to greatly understand this man called Gallerian.
