By now, Gallerian had gained a reputation from society at large as being a completely corrupted judge.

Big-shots in politics, popular actors, the top brass of the underworld—he would give anyone with money an innocent verdict, and then conversely send anyone who opposed them to prison on false charges.
Gallerian gained many new friends that way. Fairweather friends linked only through money and interest. But they were all people who stood to serve him in his goal of collecting the vessels.

There was once a great merchant by the name of Keel Freezis. He was always saying this as his catchphrase:

“Those who control information control the world”.

He had amassed a quite sizable fortune, but that was only because he had been proficient at gathering information that circulated through society.

Information begat money, and that money begat more information.

Money and information had an inseparable relationship.

The people that Gallerian currently called friends were those that had money and information. And on the other hand, destitute people who had neither of those steadily grew to despise him.

At times, Gallerian’s enemies would make attempts on his life. Not just directly—there were those who would try to drag Gallerian from his position as director through strategy.

All such people were consigned to darkness. They would be done in by Lich, Eater, or Jorm. Monsters who crept through the night, and a serial killer who could control invisible blades. With them at his disposal, Gallerian had no blind spots even in the underworld.

Many people ridiculed Gallerian as being “money-mad”.
But there was hardly anyone who knew how he was using that money, or why he had gathered so much.

Gallerian immersed himself more and more in his affection for his “daughter”.

.

Gallerian was gathering money in order to get his hands on the Vessels of Deadly Sin.

He was convinced that those vessels would restore his beloved daughter back to normal, unable to freely move as she was currently.

–That was utter nonsense. Granting a wish by collecting vessels of deadly sin? That’s impossible.

Certainly they did have the power to fulfill a person’s desires. But at the same time, they also invited misfortune for those who used them.

A great “sin” carries a commensurate “punishment”.

There was no way that collecting all seven would bring one happiness.

Ma was the one who pushed this lie on Gallerian. However—perhaps to her, this did have a grain of truth to it.

A wish would be granted by collecting all of the vessels—

But that wish would be Ma’s.

When she had all of the demons assembled, she would be able to grant her wish.

She would be able to become a truly “pure” being.

.
I am a simple bat, but I’m at least able to converse with a doll.

While Gallerian was away from home, I decided to go into Michelle’s room.

–In the center of the room was the doll, sitting upright in its wheelchair.

“Hello, good day,” I said to the doll.

“…Good day,” the doll replied. It had an adorable voice that no one outside of Gallerian, who had contracted with “Adam”, could hear. “You’re the bat that’s always fluttering around Papa.”

“Yeah, I am. –Aren’t you bored, always being here by yourself?”

“I don’t mind. I have Papa.”

“But your papa has to go out to work during the day, doesn’t he?”

“That’s alright. I have other friends here.”

“Oh my. Who are they?”

“I have my big-sis in the wineglass. She always talks to me. She has twin servants named Hänsel and Gretel.”

“I see. It must be very lively here, then.”

“Outside of them, I have my big-bro in the spoon. He looks a lot like Papa, and he’s very kind. …But he’s always with Papa, so he doesn’t play with me much. After that—”

“There’s others?”

“There’s gramps in the katana. But he left the sword recently. No matter how I call on him he won’t answer. –But Papa told me that he’ll bring me even more new friends. Papa left today to go to something called an ‘auction’ for that.”

One of the Vessels of Deadly Sin was the “Four Mirrors of Lucifenia”. It was two sets of double mirrors—in other words, a set of four mirrors in all. Gallerian had obtained some information that this set was being sold at an auction being held in the Republic of Maistia. So he had taken a vacation from work and went to the continent of Maistia with Ma.

“You’ll have more fun when your new friend arrives.”

“Yeah. But…I might have to move out of this room soon.”

“Why’s that?”

“Apparently some bad people are after this place, so Papa’s making a new home in the forest and moving me there. Papa says the new home is going to be a theater. That I won’t be bored, because I’ll be able to watch movies every day. But I’m not bored at all, even now, and I don’t want to say goodbye to everyone.”

“Don’t worry. I’m sure your Papa will bring the others to the theater with you.”

“Then I’m glad.”

“You seem happy, Michelle, to be loved by your father so.”

“…”
The doll had been chattering on quite talkatively, but there suddenly fell silent.

“What’s wrong?”

“…I don’t like that name. Papa calls me that too, but that’s—not really my name. But if I tell him that, Papa won’t love me anymore.”

“—Huh. Then, what is your real name?”

“…You won’t tell Papa?”

“Of course, I promise.”

“Really? Then I’ll tell you.”

“Alright.”

“My—my real name is—”

.

Through this conversation with the doll, I learned something new.

Or rather, perhaps it would be better to say that I knew something again.

The person—whose soul Ma had put into the doll.

She…was a considerable villain, and had deceived many people.

Both Gallerian—and “Adam”.
