Kiril was stricken with despair.

His beloved fiancée was dead.

Killed by his beloved sister.

.

Elluka had come home.

…As an inanimate corpse.

She’d been carried over by the senator named Nyoze and his subordinates.

The only thing that left Nyoze’s lips were words of condolences, and he said nothing of the cause of Elluka’s death.

But Kiril knew everything now.

.

–He hadn’t been able to go against it after all.

The fate of a “ghoul child”.

.

Elluka had once erased the “malice” from Kiril’s heart.

But…in order to destroy something, you needed to pull it out to where it could be seen at least once.

The “malice” inside him had, for just one moment, been fully unleashed, and then immediately destroyed.
That single moment—had been ample time to revive the memories that slept within him.

.

These memories had never felt real to him.

For Kiril it was as though he was reading someone else’s memories.

Even so, there was no doubt that this was a path that he himself had walked.

.

Pale Noel.

That had been his old name.

Obeying the true nature of a “ghoul child”, he had shown no hesitation in engaging in evil acts.

He had increased his circle of friends, drowned in ephemeral passions, and plotted to kill the original he was based off of.

In the end he’d had his self and his memories taken from him, and was reborn into a child named Kiril.

.

After his adoptive father’s death, he’d found a diary hidden in the study.

When he read it, it further supplemented the memories of his past.

.

<My fellows…the other “ghoul children”, are scattering malice across the country.

Lately I’ve come to wonder if that itself isn’t an omen of our destruction.

I don’t have “malice” like the others do, and I also age rapidly.
Yet Seth never called me a “dud”.

He continues to devote his passion to Project “Ma”.

I think he intends to come back into control as its project head one day.

To save the world…

There are times where I’ve thought that Seth and I are the only ones who don’t have “malice”.

But—nowadays even his good will seems questionable.

Is Project “Ma” really for the sake of saving people?>

.

<I stole Seth’s “crowning masterpiece” from him.

I ended up sacrificing a great many of my fellows, but I don’t regret it.

When Kiril grows up, he would have gone down the same path as Pale, and led the world to even further chaos.

I had to take action before that could happen.>

.

<What Kiril gathered up was probably the last “ghoul child”.

I can’t see any signs of “malice” in her.

I hope she’s a being like me…

Kiril on the other hand doesn’t have a lot of time left.

I think I ought to pay a visit to that temple I heard about before his “malice” fully awakens.
I can only pray…that a shrine maiden’s power is the real deal.>

.

He had thought his little sister…Irina, was alright.

That there was no “malice” inside her.

That’s what he’d believed, and yet.

.

A “ghoul child” would give birth to the “Twins of God”.

Could the world really be saved by that?

.

–Kiril recalled Meta.

Was she…and the children she’d birthed, still alive?

Was she still waiting for Pale in the forest of Held?

Even if that were so, he could never go to her now.

The person here now…was Kiril, not Pale.
