Hey, darling

Can you hear this voice?

Hey, darling

If you can hear this voice

Throw my remains in that ark in the temple

And resurrect me

.

–The ceremony celebrating Irina’s inauguration as queen was being held in the castle.

On that day alone, the average citizen was allowed to freely enter the castle at will.

.

Kiril was making his way up to the castle, shouldering an enormous wooden box on his back.

Partway through, he came to a certain spot and paused.

It was a small gravesite.

On the brand new gravestone there was written the name “Milky Eights”.

“…”

For a brief time, Kiril continued to stand wordlessly before that gravestone, bringing his hands together.

.
The ceremony site.

A great many people were gathered there, all celebrating the girl who stood upon the altar.

Irina…

Kiril stared up at the sight of his little sister who had become queen.

A demon, smiling like an angel.

Kiril could feel the thoughts inside him changing to convictions.

She…isn’t Irina anymore.

It wasn’t that she’d been changed by some “malice” that she’d been born with.

That’s what he wanted to believe.

That it was rather some demon that had come from another world, and taken over her body.

The one who killed Elluka—wasn’t Irina.

It was that demon.

…

Kiril clutched a golden knife in his hands.

He was struggling to make a decision as to what he would bring it down on.

If he stabbed Irina to kill the demon, she would die too.

Kill my little sister? I could never do that, he said to someone in his mind. Isn’t that right, Elluka?

A way to kill the demon without killing Irina…

Ultimately, Kiril failed to come up with anything before the ceremony ended.

.

As he was walking down the corridor, Kiril was called to a halt by a soldier.

“Oi, you. What’s that huge suitcase you’ve got there?”

Kiril replied with empty eyes, “Hah…It’s a magic device. I finished repairing it for one of the senators, and now I’m on my way to deliver it to him.”

“Delivering a repair job…today of all days?”

“I’m here because of what day it is. Ordinarily a regular citizen like me could never get into the castle this easily, so I figured today was a good opportunity to do so.”

“Hmph. …Just to be safe, I’ll have to check the contents.”

The soldier stretched his hand towards the big box over Kiril’s back.

But in that moment—

“Hold on. Don’t open that.”

Someone stopped the soldier.

“S-Senator Gammon!”

“This is an article of the highest secrecy. It wouldn’t be ideal to just put it out in plain sight so easily.”
“So this was a commission for the head of the senate…In that case there’s no problem, yes.”

“…That’s that.” Gammon turned back to Kiril. “Now, please take this to my room.”

“Sigh…Of course, sir.”

Kiril once more started walking.

.

Why had the head of the senate come to his aid? …He didn’t know, but even so Kiril kept pushing forward.

Naturally, Gammon’s room was not his real destination. Kiril didn’t even know where his room was to begin with.

The place he was after was—

The LeviaBehemo temple, in the heart of the castle.
