Three months had passed since then.

Including Ton, Lemy had already killed eight people.

…No, tonight made it nine.

.

He had gradually lost his reservations towards killing people. And by now he had grown used to handling a knife.

“Seventh, Magician is staying in Rolled as a prostitute”—that was all the information he had. Lemy had no means to obtain any further information than that.

So the method he had chosen there was extremely simple.

To systematically kill all prostitutes until he arrived at Seventh, Magician.

His mother had told him that prostitution was a vulgar job. That they were the lowest of women, who sold their chastity for money.

“Your real mother was also a prostitute.”

Julia explained to Lemy the truth that had always been hidden from him.

“After I adopted you, for a time I secretly looked for any clues on your true parents. Of course I had no intention of giving you up, but if you had been abandoned for some unavoidable reason, then I had thought I could at least let you meet them. And two years ago I was finally successful in tracking down your mother. …She was an awful woman. She birthed a child without even knowing who the father was, and then carelessly abandoned it. Just tossed you into the Orgo River midwinter. If you hadn’t been found by the orphanage director as they were passing by, I’m certain that no one would have saved you—”

That truth had increased Lemy’s hatred for prostitutes all the more.

Apparently his real mother had already died from illness five years ago. However—as long as there were prostitutes in this world, then children like him would continue to be born into it.

Leaving behind the woman’s corpse at his feet, Lemy decided to head home.

A complete Mama’s boy now, aren’t you.

Ney was being sarcastic like always.

“I’m not just doing it because she told me to. This is my own decision.”

I wonder. If you were being brainwashed, you wouldn’t be able to tell on your own. I know someone who was like that. She’d been brainwashed by her mother for several years, went deranged, and then finally killed the mother who was manipulating her with her own hands.

“I’d never kill my mother!”

Lemy’s angry shout reverberated through the midnight street.

Maybe you think so now. But you’ve already started to know how pleasant it is to kill people. I’m not against that. I myself know how good it feels to be soaked in spraying blood.

“Quiet. My killing prostitutes is solely because it’s the ‘right thing’.”

I’m sure that it won’t be enough for you eventually. One day you’ll want to bring your hand down on the people you love. It’ll bring you a pleasure that killing bad people simply can’t compare to. Both you and I know this instinctually—

“I told you to be quiet!”

Alright, alright. If you shout too much people’ll come running.

They were almost to his house. Despite it being so late at night, the lights were on.

“I wonder if Mom is still up?”

–Looks like she has a visitor. I can see two figures in the window. Julia and someone else…not Pheobe. A man.

“At this time of night? Who in the world is it?”

Lemy opened the door to the house, trying not to make any noise. There was no issue if the guest was a member of Pere Noel, but if they weren’t then it wouldn’t be good to let them see what he looked like then.

He peeked into the sitting room. Lemy had intended to keep from being spotted, but was quickly noticed by Julia.

“Oh my, welcome home ‘Fifth, Pierrot’.”

His mother didn’t look flustered. And given that she was calling him by that name, the guest must have been someone who knew of Pere Noel.

Lemy entered the sitting room without reservation.

“Long time no see, young master.”

Sitting there was Bruno Marlon.
“I’ve come today to consult with your mother. Regarding my inauguration as vice-commander of the Freezis Foundation—and as ‘Second, Dealer’.”

The members of Pere Noel…He didn’t know the total number, but it was clear that it was high.

There were seven people who served as its core members, called “Sept”. Starting with his mother Julia—“First, Santa Clause”–the members each had various numbers assigned to them.

Lemy was “Fifth”, and Gatt was “Sixth”. The numbers weren’t the order in which they’d joined, and neither did they show merit. It seemed that they could pick whichever codename and number that they wished when they joined “Sept” (as long as it didn’t conflict with that of another member’s).

However, lately the majority of “Sept”’s members had become vacant. “Second, Dealer” Kaspar Blankenheim, his wife “Third, Sleep Princess” Margarita, and his aunt Mayrana who had been “Fourth, Shadow” (Lemy had recently learned that she’d been a member and that she was Julia’s body double) had all died off one after another. To say nothing of “Seventh, Magician”, who was currently on the run, with Lemy looking for her.

As Mayrana had died off, custody of Rin had been shifted to Aceid by Gatt’s guidance. There she was secretly being raised by Pheobe’s little sister (apparently, she was also working as a servant).

“Bruno has been wanting to join Pere Noel for some time,” Julia explained. “In order to further expand on the Freezis Foundation, he currently wants to grab the Black Market that Pere Noel operates. And on our end, we’re fairly drawn to the Freezis Foundation’s wealth and influence. All other things aside, it’s the Freezis Foundation that paved the way for the World Police’s formation.”

“Though, as the World Police has now become an independent organization, I can’t manipulate it publicly. I can, however, apply a little bit of pressure to make it easier for Pere Noel to operate.”

“In other words, it’s a mutually beneficial arrangement.”

Lemy replied to their exchange with an uninterested “Hmm”.

He didn’t get complicated matters, and as long as his mother said she wanted him to do something, then he would.

Bruno stood from his chair and walked up to Lemy.

“Young master Lemy, are you—”

“I don’t really like being called ‘young master’.”

“Oh, I see. Well then—‘Fifth, Pierrot’. I hear you’re searching for ‘Seventh, Magician’.”

“Yep. I killed a prostitute today.”

Rather than be perturbed at those words, Bruno smiled meaningfully.

It was as though he was hinting, “When it comes to killing people I have some experience there too.”

“I hear you’re doing things quite showily. You’re the hot topic right now even in foreign newspapers. Though, as you’d expect, the World Police plans to get serious about this soon. Tomorrow—well, I suppose today by now. At any rate, in the morning two investigators from ‘Justea’ will be arriving in Rolled to look into the matter of the serial killings.”

“Justea?”

“It’s the Internation Works Department in the Marlon headquarters of the World Police. That’s it’s nickname. They are elite members of the World Police. They normally don’t deal with criminals that don’t cross national lines…but they’re making an exception since ‘Pere Noel’ is involved–Anyway, you should take care to avoid them.”

“It’s no big deal. I haven’t been caught up until now, after all.”

“I hope so. If you get in trouble just send for me—‘Second, Dealer’. …Well, I suppose I shall leave before much longer. It’s almost dawn. It would be rather inconvenient for anyone to see me having come here, the way things are now.”

Bruno took his wide brimmed hat off the clothes hanger and pulled it low over his eyes. Then he bowed to Julia and Lemy and left the house.
