Ayn Anchor headed for the crime scene while looking nostalgically over the cityscape of Rolled.

There was an old water wheel beside a bakery in Rolled’s 28th district.

The water drawn up from the Orgo River passed through the channel and below the water wheel. The wheel went around, and ground flour with the force of its movement.

He didn’t know how long that water wheel had been there. But it had already been growing worn out when Ayn had been assigned to Rolled four years ago when he was a new officer.
So when he’d caught sight of this water wheel for the first time in so long, Ayn earnestly thought to himself, “Huh, that’s still here.”

Cityscapes didn’t tend to change all that much in the course of only four years. But a great deal had changed when it came to Ayn’s position in life.

At that time, he had been a reckless novice who didn’t know his left from his right. As such he’d made mistakes, but he’d also been able to make considerable gains too.

After a short while he was moved to Elphegort’s capital city of Aceid. And there he built up his experience.

And then, by the end of last year, Ayn had been appointed as an officer of “Justea”. One could say he’d been promoted at quite an unprecedented speed. Especially considering Ayn was a Netsuma, a group that tended to face some discrimination.

He’d had luck on his side. A lot of it had to do with him being favored by Justea’s chief, who he had met during the “Toragay Epidemic” the previous year. And Justea had had a vacancy around then.

Heidemarie…

The disappeared Justea investigator, Heidemarie Lorre, had once been Ayn’s girlfriend. …Though they had only been dating for a short while. Her older sister was a newspaper reporter, and Hanne too had gone missing. There were some people who figured they’d died, but Ayn knew that couldn’t be the case. Those two would never just die so simply.

This investigation into the “Rolled Serial Slasher Case” would be Ayn’s first as a Justea investigator. However, Ayn getting fired up about it wasn’t just for that reason alone.
Heidemarie had been pursuing the whereabouts of “Fifth, Pierrot”. And Hanne had been looking into “Pere Noel”, who was probably backing him.

If he kept up on this case, maybe he’d be able to see the two of them again—Ayn was carrying that premonition in his heart.

.

The nine victims who had been killed by “Fifth, Pierrot” had all died in back alleys of the 28th district.

Upon arriving at the scene, Ayn received an explanatory summary of the case from a local police officer.

“The victim here is Eloise Huguenet. A thirty-one-year-old prostitute. She went missing after taking on a client around eleven PM the previous night. She’s been stabbed in the chest with some kind of blade like the others until this point—she likely died instantly.”

It was convenient that he’d been able to be present at the crime scene so soon after arriving in Rolled. …Well, nothing was convenient where people getting murdered was involved, but all the same thanks to that there was a high chance that he would be able to obtain fresh clues here.

“Um…” The officer who had been explaining the case suddenly asked a question. “I had heard that two investigators from Justea were coming—where’s the other one?”

“Ah, well, that’s—”

Right as Ayn was about to reply that he was still resting at the inn:

“Ough…I’m beat, I’m beat. I’m still completely wasted,” a dizzy man muttered as he walked in their direction.

“Had a bit too much to drink, have you Officer Zolach?” Ayn asked, heaving a sigh.

“Drink? …Nah, I haven’t, I haven’t. That’s not it at all, Officer Anchor. I am messed up, but this is seasickness. Oh man, no matter how many times I ride on boats I’ll never get used to it. We’ve been on land for a while now and my head’s still spinning around and around—uogh.”

“Please don’t throw up on the crime scene.”

“It’s fine, it’s fine—You look well, huh?”

The man looked Ayn’s way while scratching the short black hair on his head.

“Get ahold of yourself. Aren’t you supposed to be my overseer?”

“—Yeah, Chief Homer did tell me something like that. Well, relax, I don’t think of myself as being here to run surveillance on ya. Really, outside of the chief there aren’t any distinctions of rank in Justea. Even if you’re a newbie.”

“I see. Well then, please participate in the investigation like you’re supposed to.”

“I know, I know. That’s why I came right over here now, yeah? …Ugh, I feel sick…”

“Sigh…”

Ayn heaved another breath.
Ayn had been assigned to this case because he had once served in this town, and because he himself had requested it.

However, with some reservations about letting a newly minted Justea officer like Ayn handle it all on his own, Chief Homer had decided to have one other investigator, Willus Zolach, look into the case as Ayn’s partner and overseer.

This staggering man was Willus.

“Anyway…” Willus kneeled by the victim’s corpse, a hand on his mouth. “—Hey, this was some skilled work here. Looks like she was killed without much resistance at all.”

“You think so? Her clothes seem disheveled.”

“That’s from when she fled to this spot here. I don’t think she struggled with the culprit much. She was cornered, and then stabbed in the chest in the blink of an eye—then it was over. …What do you think, Officer Anchor?”

“About what?”

“The killer, the killer. Why is he only going after prostitutes? …Although, well, the first guy was a merchant.”

“It doesn’t seem like muggings. None of the victims had any valuables stolen from them. So then…resentment against prostitutes, maybe? Or perhaps there’s no reason, and they’re simply targets for murder—"

“A grudge or pleasure killing, you mean? I think that’s a good lead. But then…I think the bodies are too neat with that in mind…” Willus said, touching the corpse.
“Then you think there’s a different motive?”

“—Is it possible that he’s looking for something? Say, the culprit is trying to kill someone. But all he knows about his target is that they’re a prostitute. Maybe he heard about this person from Ton Corpa, who he killed first.”

“But the killer didn’t get their name or whereabouts from him.”

“So then he’s just killing prostitutes one by one…”

“It’s an extremely inefficient method.”

“The criminal isn’t even trying to hide the bodies. On the contrary, they sent a letter to display their own crime.”

A letter had been sent to the Saintes Fauraux newspaper mid-November of last year.

It had born the signature of “Fifth, Pierrot”, and written in it was the fact that he had been the one to commit the crime listed within, and that he had plans to commit further crimes after that. After examination by experts, it was determined that the handwriting was the same as the letter that had been sent during the “Rin Chan kidnapping case” as well.

“There are two possibilities this points to. The first is that this is simply a killer who delights in others’ reactions to their crimes. And the other one—that they intend to uncover the person they’re after by causing further panic.”

“Right…”
“Obviously this is just my theory at this stage. But if the culprit is a member of ‘Pere Noel’, then it’s hard to imagine that they’re just killing randomly. As far as I know, ‘Pere Noel’ always commits crime with some profit in mind.”

Ayn was honestly in awe of Willus, being able to come up with such sound judgment when it came to the investigation despite having been so tottering before.

He supposed that was what you could expect of a Justea investigator.

“Anyway, anyway. First we’ll have to search for clues. The killer has been killing prostitutes. But, there is one other point they have in common outside of that.”

“Which is?”

“Age. The eight women were all in their late twenties to early thirties. There have been no young girls or older women. In other words, the killer must be looking for someone in that age range. Let’s start by investigating into whether there’s anyone suspicious among the prostitutes around that age here.”

“You’re saying instead of searching for the criminal, we should search for the person that he might be targeting?”

“The excellent local police have already been looking for clues on the killer up to this point, haven’t they? But they haven’t been able to make any headway. So then, I think we ought to be searching from a different point of view.”

“Understood. I’ll go pick up all the prostitutes in Rolled.”

The World Police had failed during the “Toragay Epidemic” last year. They weren’t able to hold back an entire town falling to ruin.

In order to revive their good name, they would have to do whatever it took to safely resolve this case.
