“I’m home.”

When Gallerian returned home after finishing his work for the day, the first to greet him was his servant Bruno.

“Welcome home, sir,” he said, taking Gallerian’s coat and neatly putting it in the wardrobe.

Since he had started working as a servant, Bruno had come to speak to Gallerian more formally, both publicly and in private.

“Thank you, Bruno.”

“Dinner has already been made.”

“Ah, I’ll get to that–Michelle?”

“The evening is quite later for the young miss, so she has already been put to bed.”

Instead of going to the dining room, Gallerian first headed for his daughter’s bedroom.

He opened the door carefully so as to not make a sound, and crept closer to her bed without turning on a lamp.

There lay his beloved daughter, sleeping soundly.

“…I’m home, Michelle,” Gallerian murmured in a soft voice, gently patting her on the head.

–When he left the room, he ran into his wife Mira as she was passing by, her clad in a nightgown.

“Ah, you’re back. Welcome home.”

“…Thank you. I’m going to eat now. Are you–”

“I just ate,” Mira replied curtly.

“Didn’t wait for your husband to come home?”

“You were late.”
“…Fine.”

Gallerian turned his back on Mira and started to head for the dining room.

“Ah, that’s right,” Mira spoke up, facing Gallerian’s back. “I’ve decided to hire on a new servant.”

“What!? Without even consulting me—”

Gallerian turned around, expression irate.

“Well, I can’t just task a man like Bruno with Michelle’s care, you know.”

“That’s true, but…No, that’s your job as her mother, isn’t it!?”

“I’m busy with things too.”

“Busy!? You, who do nothing but idle around the house? Don’t make me laugh.”

“How can you say so definitively that I’m always idling about!? You never come home from work!”

“I know so! I can tell just by looking at that flabby figure you’ve gotten!”

"What was that!? Why you–”

As the two of them began to quarrel, Bruno showed up and moved to intercede between them.

“Sir, Madam. If you make too much of a racket, you will wake the young miss.”

“Gah…”

“…Hmph.”
Still, while the two of them continued to glower at each other, Bruno offered this suggestion: “—How about this? Tomorrow is Sir Gallerian’s first day off in quite some time. While you have this chance, you could take your daughter and go somewhere, the three of you as a family.”

Bruno likely must have felt that the source of the animosity between them was a mutual lack of communication.

But Gallerian shook his head. “I have another trial on a violation of the witchcraft laws coming up. I’ve already promised to meet with Ma regarding that tomorrow.”

Upon hearing that, Mira’s shoulders tensed slightly. “’Ma’ again…You two have gotten awfully chummy.”

“What’s with that wording? Knock it off with your suspicions. It’s just business.”

“Hmph, I wonder. …Whatever. I’m going to bed.”

Mira turned around and promptly went into her room.

Off to the side, Bruno watched Gallerian sigh with a troubled expression on his face. “Sir—while this may be forward of me to say…It is good to be earnest in one’s professional duties. However…I think perhaps it would be better to concern yourself a little more with your household.”

“I know…”

“And going to see another woman on your day off, even if it’s for business—I feel I can understand where your wife is coming from.”

“Hey now. Not you too, Bruno. You know Ma pretty well, don’t you? It isn’t like that between us.”
“That is…true, I suppose.”

“—I’m hungry. I’m going to have dinner,” Gallerian said, walking to the dining room.

Watching him go, Bruno muttered to himself, “…It is precisely because I know her well that I worry.”
