“That’s…not…what…”

I snapped and dropped the washing board into the water, splashing all over.

“…… I heard you have a fiancée?”

“Fiancee? Oh, you’re referring to Rilliane…… She’s like a little sister to me. I do not love her in the
perspective of the opposite sex”

“But you’re about to get married with her right?”

“Maybe… I feel happy that you’re getting jealous but I…”

“I’m angry at you because you’re deceiving me!”

Although I vented my anger on the washboard, I have to think. After all, there are others watching and
for a monarch like him to do such a thing is impossible. I took a deep breath and calmed down.

“…… Are you about to leave? I can guide you to the entrance”

I briefly said. Kyle closely followed behind me and I heard his sighing and footsteps. On our way to the
main entrance, Kyle ordered me to turn around and said:

“Michaela, even though I and Rilliane are engaged, it was determined by our mothers--- Queen Dowager
of Marlon, Prim Marlon and Lucifenia’s previous queen, Queen Anne, decided it. I honestly do not want
to marry Rilliane”

“Kyle-san hates the King’s daughter, Rilliane?”

“It’s not like that. Although civilians ridicule Rilliane as the “Daughter of Evil”, she is definitely not a bad
girl. She became like that because of the environment around her. I like Rilliane but… not that kind of
love. I grew up with her and I can only look at her as a lovely sister”

For him to specifically say “like” implies that like is different from love. Love is what I do not understand
Anyway, I must refuse Kyle’s marriage proposal. If people knew a monarch like Kyle refused to marry
Rilliane, who is also a “victim of sin”, I do not know what tragedy might happen. If I let Kyle do what he
wants, it will only give himself trouble.

“But even so, you cannot defy your mother’s… Queen Dowager Prim Marlon’s decision right?”

“I know but……”

I looked at him straight into the eye.
