Kyle released me and turned to leave.

Do humans really give up everything for love?

For Kyle to do that, even if it was mad love, made me feel stupid. I, however, felt a little envious.

Is this… the feeling when falling in love with someone?

As I went back to the laundry room, I suddenly felt a strange atmosphere.

The “sin” was moved from the warehouse. Who took it out? As I became aware that it was moved, I
quickly ran. It’s seems to be in Mr. Keel’s private room.

“Ah, Michaela, you seem anxious. Is something there wrong?”

When I reached the room, of course, I saw Mr. Keel inside.

“Nothing’s wrong. It seems messenger-san has already left”

“Ah, yes. It ended earlier than expected so I thought of going to the warehouse to tidy things up”

“Then this is……?”

Mr. Keel was holding a sword. I could feel the dissonance of “sin” on it.

“A girl like you is also interested in this kind of thing?”

“No, it’s just… the shape of the sword seems kind of weird”

“It’s one of my favorites. Indeed, as you say, that this sword has a rare shape. Even my wife particularly
said so. But in fact, it’s not really valuable”

It was different from a two-handed or one-handed sword; it had a scabbard engraved into it.

“What was its name…… I recall a travelling businessman said it was called the ‘Venom Sword’”

I now know the “sin’s” location, shape and name. The next thing I have to do is find a way to give it to
Elluka in Lucifenia.

That night, I stood in the garden. I wanted for Clarith not to hear my “song” so I went here a little
earlier than usual.

I took a deep breath and sang a song, different from my usual song.
