“Wait a minute. A rare song should not be sung in a closed space. We should go somewhere more
spacious; the city square. For a diva to sing in a small hotel would be a waste”

We departed from the inn and went for the main square in the central region. It was filled with stalls
and people all around; it was full of life.

“This will be my first time singing outside… I’m feeling a bit nervous. Can you stay beside me?”

The patted the head of the juvenile. After hearing what I said, he revealed a faint smile. I adjusted my
posture and began singing “South North Story”.

If this song would stay in the young boy’s mind, I hope I can save his heart.

I caught myself surrounded by people. Some were in awe and some shed tears. This song was dedicated
to everyone present here.

As I finished singing, I stood up and gently bowed. I immediately heard a thunder of applause.

“Wow! That was great!”

“Really nice!So wonderful!”

The crowd cheered. The owner, his wife and the young boy laughed and applauded.

“Thank you! Michaela-nee!”

“No, not at all… How was it? Did it cheer you up?”

“Yes! From now on, I will work hard! Even if I’m alone, I will not give up!”

“Don’t you have to thank the owner of the inn for the favor?”

“Yes! I’ll thank them right away!”

He turned and quickly returned to the inn. The large crowd gradually disappeared.

We do not know when we have to part with our beloved ones. However, you should not stop if it
happens. For as long as we keep this feeling, Clarith and I can courageously move forward.
(I have to go back)

Just when I was about to go back to the hotel to get the soap…
