“Excuse me…”

“Cute foreign boy, do you need something from me?”

“Uh, uh… Do you, by any chance, know a girl named Gumillia?”

✿Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Aceid • Central Region” ~

In the central region, I encountered a blonde haired boy claiming to be “Allen Avadonnia” . He’s
Lucifenia’s palace attendant and is now a messenger of Princess Rilliane. He said he was supposed to go
to Mr. Keel’s mansion but he took a break because of discomfort. Because he was coming from the
Royal Palace, Gumillia asked him a favor. He seems to be looking for me.

“I got your name from Gumillia-san. I first thought I wouldn’t be able to find you”

Although he was only fourteen years old, Allen had a reassuring expression on his face.

He had to go to the Freesis Mansion and he brought me Gumillia’s gift. In gratitude, I told him a shortcut
to the mansion. With his kind invitation, I rode on his carriage. Upon arriving on the Northern streets,
we set our sights to Mr. Keel’s house.

Allen seems to have a serious character; He would always use honorifics. Because I felt uncomfortable, I
asked him not to do it again. He listened to what I said and immediately turned into an intimate tone.

“Gumillia works in the palace right? How is she?”

I haven’t seen my friend for a year now. I’m getting curious of what kind of lifestyle she has.

“She is now acknowledged to be Elluka’s apprentice. She’s been practicing everyday. She has been
recently appointed to be Elluka’s assistant during her work. Ah, do you even know who Elluka is?”

“Of course! We should meet and catch up with each other”

My message reached Elluka-san! Maybe soon we will be able to progress with the sealing of the “sin”.
Although, I would like to ask some questions about Gumillia, however, Allen doesn’t seem to have
opportunities to talk to her. I didn’t get much information from him.

“By the way… What is that?”

Allen pointed to the gift Gumillia gave me. She gave me the root of a spring onion… however, it wasn’t
a normal spring onion. Yes! It was a “very amazing spring onion!” Elluka taught me a legendary magic
when were staying at the abandoned house.
