“Elluka! Long time no see!”

This is the “Amazing Green Onion’s” ability. For as long as it has the magic of its owner, it can make
long-distance conversations. This is an ancient creation of God and man has made it close. People has
yet to make a big deal out of it.

The only problem is the frequency, duration and limited durability. Its design has no significance but once
it decays, it can’t be used anymore. Elluka sealed it in a box to prevent corruption and will only be used
as a last resort.

My spring onion(?)--- I reported to Elluka everything that has happened so far: Becoming a servant in the
Freesis Mansion, the “Venom Sword” hidden in the warehouse and also a swordsman named Gast
Venom plotting to get it.

“So it seems ‘sin’ has nothing to do with Lucifenia’s collapse”

“Really?”

“The Venom Sword once belonged to a Duke of Asmodin, Sateriajis Venomania. He was possessed by
the Devil of ‘Lust’. Rilliane is ‘Arrogant’… Although I don’t want to assert, but I think it has no relation
to our problem”

“How did this… What are we going to do?”

“Just keep an eye on it. Although it has nothing to do with our problem, it might do something in the
future. Anyway, Gast Venom is a nostalgic name”

A sudden change from Elluka’s tone.

“Do you know him?”

“He was previously my partner… and now my enemy. I already know Gast’s purpose in finding the
sword”

“…… How is it on your side? Is Gumillia OK?”

“She’s doing great. If she continues on like this, she should be able to use “Clockwork Magic” in the next
six months or so. She really is a smart girl”

The sound is gradually fading. It seems we are nearing the time limit.
