“We show equal love to our servants and their family, that is one of the Freesis’s mottos. Michaela is no
exception. C’mon you guys!”

“Yes!”

After hearing her command, we all replied in a single voice.

“I……I’m sorry. Thank you…!”

I tried to speak out but Clarith suddenly hugged me and cried out.

“I am in deep gratitude for Michaela… Without you, I would have certainly led a boring life. So this time,
I will be helping Michaela. No matter what happens, I will never leave your side. For as long I can see a
smile on Michaela’s face, that would be my greatest happiness”

The tears would not stop. My eyes and nose hurt too. I finally gave up struggling and threw myself into
Clarith’s chest.

I also wanted to be with Clarith. If I can, I wouldn’t go back to being a forest spirit. I would let go of
everything, even my eternal life to be with her; to remain as a human. I-I…

I was unable to suppress my feelings. One of which the reason I was vaguely aware off. However, I
refused to agree as a rational human female.

A week later, the worst situation happens.

The gears have started to turn.

✿Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Freesis Mansion • Garden” ~

The southern sky was of bright red. It wasn’t the sunset anymore because the sun has already sunk
below the horizon.

Even for just a while, I would like to rush out of the house and go to the forest. However, under the
present situation, I cannot go out, otherwise, it would become dangerous. I had the urge to leave this
house.

Some people would go out and view the current state of the forest. It seems Lucifenia is setting the
forest outside of Elphegort’s territory ablaze. If this continues, the fire would reach The Millenium Tree
forest in a matter of time.

(They… Must be alright…)
