“Rilliane is burning the forest because, for her, it is a hindrance. Gumillia and I are trying to lessen the
mortality rate… Gumillia was very helpful. If she weren’t here, I wouldn’t be able to make such a large
rainfall. She has grown so much in a short period of time. The only left to teach is…”

“Wait a minute! Why is Lucifenia attacking Elphegort?!”

“…… Riliane is under command. I was too careless; I never would have thought she would wage war.
You know the Marlon King’s lover lives in Elphegort right?”

“Yes, I already know…”

“It is simply hate and envy. Because she does not know who the Marlon King’s lover is, Riliane ordered
to ‘exterminate everyone in the country’ instead”

I almost fainted. That woman could actually do something like this. Or is this because of the demon’s
deeds?

“Whoever charmed the Marlon King is giving me a head ache!”

“……Elluka, I’m sorry”

It’s because of me. If I just refused his proposal… if I haven’t been there at all… then…

After telling Elluka the details of the whole story, I felt Elluka’s anxious feelings from the other side of
the onion.

“Is the royal family made up of idiotic fools?! What a strange guy… but Michaela, you have to run away!
You are Rilliane’s target! If she can’t find you… then she will order to kill every green haired woman in
Elphegort!”

Green hair… I touched my pony tail and suddenly realized something frightening.

“Wait! What would Gumillia? Is she OK?”

“Don’t worry, she’s OK. We have already fled the palace because Gumillia was about to be pursued.”

“Great…! However, many innocent civilians will be killed…”

“There is nothing we can do about it but we will try to reduce the casualties. I have many acquaintances
in Elphegort’s Palace. Anyway, if my dream is to occur right away, Lucifenia will fall because of a
revolution. Until this happens, you just have to run and hide…”
