For the whole time, I’ve been hiding in the well and getting lonely. I decided to go out and get some
fresh air. I believe in what Allen said that Lucifenian soldiers will not come out at night.

Today’s moon was very beautiful. Clarith, are you also looking at the same moon? I forcibly repressed
the urge to sing.

I should wait for Elluka. Although I brought the green onion, it is neither emitting light or sound. It must
have a life span.

But they know where I am right now.

Lucifenia is gradually nearing its own end. At first, we only had to look for ‘sin’ but now, my mind has
completely changed.

(Lucifenia will perish? That’s great. Really great.)

Everyone is dead. Because of Lucifenia, Elphegort is done for. I cannot forgive this. This is retribution.

(If permitted, I would like to live in the forest with Elluka and Gumillia. Would Keel also like to live in
the woods? But he has responsibilities to do.)

Just when I was thinking these, I heard a voice. Are Lucifenian soldier coming? I hurriedly hid in the well.

“Michaela, it’s me, Allen.”

Emerging from the shadows was Allen. His whole body was wrapped around in a cloak.

“Allen? Why are dressed like that?”

“Because I was taking advantage of the night. It would have been bad if my face was shown so I’m hiding
it as well.”

“……You sound a bit different?”

“Eh? I’m just a little tired. It was a long walk from here”

As the night darkened and because of his cloak, I could not see his face. However, I felt he was very
anxious.

“You’re presence is already known by the princess. We must quickly escape from here!”

“How is that… Is that true?”
