Chapter 1 [Lukana Octo] Part 6:

It was nearing noon and yet Lukana was still locked up within the workshop.

At this moment, Sateriasis is reading a book on his favorite chair.

Several books were stacked on the table, every one of the books coming from the manor’s library.

In it were the diaries written by his family. His father’s, his mother’s and diaries from his servants — all of them describing their daily lives and work. Yet only his… Sateriasis Venomania’s diary, couldn’t be found even after searching his own room.

It seems like he was a person without the habit of writing a diary.

The him that even forgot about such things, irritated him to no end.

(Lukana…seems to be working into the night again… i hope she doesn’t overwork herself…)

Sateriasis was a little concerned about Lukana’s state, closing his book, he proceeded towards Lukana’s workshop.

It has already been two weeks since the the time she accepted Sateriasis’s request to make clothing.

Regardless of what the tailor needed (cloth and tools), Sateriasis was able to provide them at the highest quality. When Lukana saw those high quality fabric, she panicked a little but couldn’t keep the shine out of her eyes.

She will definitely design a beautiful clothing. Sateriasis was very sure about that. Not only because she was a tailor, but spending this two weeks with Lukana has confirmed that<> she was indeed a talented person.

What made it even more incredible was that besides of the tailoring, Lukana also took in hands all the housework. Because of that, the quality of life of Sateriasis increased drastically.

He cannot keep relying on Lukana’s good intentions. Sateriasis understood that it was about time to hire some servants, yet he also wanted her to stay here forever.

He walked to the workshop but there wasn’t a single sound coming out from it.

Opening the door to walk in, Sateriasis found the form of a soundly sleeping Lukana who have fell asleep on the table.

In these few days, not only did Lukana have to work on the clothing, she also took on the responsibility of the housework, it’s only normal for her to feel tired so falling asleep while working isn’t such a big deal.

He couldn’t bear to wake Lukana up, so he went to get a blanket from the bedroom and lightly placed it over her shoulders. He sat on a chair nearby unknowingly, staring at her sleeping form.

Looking at Lukana’s sleeping face, two kinds of thought surfaced within Sateriasis’s heart.

The first is gratitude. And the other one was —.

Lust.

He doesn’t want to let Lukana go. But when the clothing is complete, it’s highly probable that she would return to Mystica.

(If only… I can turn her into mine… before she goes back…)

Lukana possesses a beauty that can even touch Sateriasis’s heart. A elegant beauty that didn’t seem to have grown up in a village.

He wants to use strength that might be enough to break Lukana’s waist to hug her, tightly holding her slim and buxom body.

An innocent sleeping face. Soft lips. I want to dirty her, to stain her in my colors—.

Glurp… Sateriasis swallowed a mouth of saliva.

(…What kind of silly thoughts having)

Sateriasis regained his senses, pushing his messed up thoughts into the corner of his mind, trying to suppress his desires.

He knows. Precisely because of things that might happen because of his reckless self, till now, he has always refused to let anyone near the manor.

He has already sensed the presence of a strange feeling within his heart.

(But in the end i still personally invited her into the manor)

That day, when he said that he went onto the streets because he was ‘looking for females’, was actually the truth.

However, whether he was searching for a ‘specific female’—.

(That was a lie. As long as it is a female, it doesn’t matter who. I’m only looking for a ‘random partner’.)

Even so, he tried to suppress the thoughts that came next.

Such a feeling — was lunatic, overwhelming lust, and it didn’t even fade away after a long time, instead it was growing stronger by the day. Sateriasis could no longer go against his instincts.

( …When the clothing is done, it would be better if we don’t meet again)

It was a fact that Sateriasis felt attracted to Lukana. However, whether it’s just pure love? Or something stemmed out from his lust —?

The Sateriasis now couldn’t make a sound judgement.

“Uhn, Uhn…”

Lukana whimpered slightly. Hearing it, Sateriasis thought that Lukana would wake up soon, but she didn’t.

Her sleeping face scrunched together, as if she was haunted.

Maybe Lukana’s having a nightmare? Maybe she’s not feeling well? — No matter what, it would be better to wake her up. Just as Sateriasis was standing up to go wake her up, Lukana woke up abruptly.

“… Haaaa…. haa….”

“Lukana?”

Wide-eyed, Lukana’s breaths were rough and her face was extremely pale.

“Hey, Lukana. Are you okay—”

“No!!”

Just when Sateriasis was about to ask, Lukana turned towards him suddenly. Letting out a high-pitched scream, she struggled desperately to scramble backwards.

“Don’t, don’t come near me……”

She might have realized the lust present within his heart. Thinking about that, Sateriasis could only stay rooted at where he was at.

Lukana fell motionlessly onto the floor.

But this only went on for a moment. Regaining her calmity, Lukana widened her eyes, adjusting her breaths, she stood up.

“S-sorry. I didn’t mean this….”

“No, it’s okay…What’s wrong, Lukana? Did i do anything wrong—”

“No, no! It’s not like that.I just had a nightmare…”

“Nightmare?”

“That’s right, nightmare… a nightmare…I apologize, I will leave for today.”

After Lukana said that, she suddenly started packing her things.

“You’re not staying here tonight?”

“Yes, the sewing has been finished, i will be returning to my uncle’s house today.”

“Is it? Please be careful on your way home.”

Why did she want to return to the city intentionally? Sateriasis couldn’t even ask for a reason.

Bidding her goodbye, he stared at Lukana’s silhouette as she left the manor, he couldn’t stop himself from thinking uneasily that, Lukana might just never ever come back again. The part of him that feels that it’s good this way, and the part of him that did not want to

be separated from Lukana were in a mess within his mind, causing him to be on the verge of losing control.

The Lukana that was already far in front of him turned around unexpectedly, raising her voice,

“The clothing will be done in five days! Before then, i will continue to work hard! Please look forward to the completed clothing, Venomania-sama.”

The reason why Sateriasis’s mood turn for a better was because he saw her smile and was also because she no longer calls him ‘Duke-sama’, using a more affectionate term of ‘Venomania-sama’ instead.

(Not ‘Duke-sama’ but ‘Venomania-sama’ huh? Seems like something that Lukana would do.)
