For the Okuto family, Kayo was an illegitimate child.

Her mother Kagura had already been disinherited when she ran off with a man, but even so that didn’t change the fact that Kayo was related to the family.

Perhaps because he took pity on her for having no other family of her own, or perhaps because he feared the possibility of her spreading rumors about the Okuto family in her mentally ill state, her grandfather Okuto Gato had taken responsibility for her.

However, that did not mean that Kayo had been restored as a member of the Okuto family.

As soon as Kayo had recovered, she would be made to leave the house again—that was the pronouncement that Gato himself made to those around them.

The one who took care of Kayo while she was living in the Okuto mansion was a young servant girl named Tsukimoto Bufuko.
She had pretty blonde hair and blue eyes, and by her appearance she looked to be a pure foreigner. Yet, as far as one could guess from her peculiar name, there might have been some Jakokuan genes mixed in there somewhere.

It seemed she also had skill as a doctor.

Her knowledge was to the degree that even Mei’s father, a doctor himself, was in awe of her. It was thanks to her devoted care that as the four years passed Kayo’s burn scars had gotten to where they were hardly noticeable at all.

“My my, I’m impressed. I honestly didn’t think she would rebound this much,” Mei’s father was voicing in surprise, having dropped by to make a house call. “The patient does have miraculous recovery ability, but there is a great deal that’s due to your medical expertise, Bufuko-san. Where did you gain your knowledge?”

Praised by the doctor, Bufuko replied, acting a little bit bashful, “You’re too kind. I was actually raised from a family line of doctors. So I had that influence…”

“Ah, so you’re similar to my own Mei in that regard, hm? Was your father a foreigner?”

“Yes. Lucifenian.”

“Lucifenia…So, from the Evillious region. My late wife was also from around that area.”

“Is that so?”

“I have heard that the Evillious region is far more medically advanced than Jakoku. I myself would love the chance to study their expertise, but…”
“It’s too bad cultural exchanges with foreign countries is forbidden in Jakoku, outside of here in the Izami domain where Onigashima is.”

“People like me still have opportunities to gain some foreign medical knowledge by living in Onigashima, but it’s far far less than you have, Bufuko-san—”

Bufuko waved her hand modestly at being praised again. “Enough already…Oh dear.” Bufuko stood, appearing to notice something. “It’ll be dinner time soon. I must bring Kayo her meal.”

“I see. Well then I shall head home myself before long.”

“Oh, leaving already? I had some food prepared for you as well, doctor.”

“Oh no, that won’t be necessarily. If I stay too much later I won’t get back to Onigashima before nightfall.”

“In that case, I will wrap up your portion in a rice ball for you. You can feel free to eat it if you get peckish during the trip.”

“I would be most grateful for that. Since you’ve twisted my arm.”

“I’ll get it ready for you right away. Just wait here a moment.”

So saying, Bufuko left the room.

“Miraculous recovery ability…hm,” the doctor muttered to himself, and then looked toward Kayo, who was lying down on a futon.

Her eyes were open, but they were blank, somehow.
“Doctor…”

Kayo spoke up to the doctor, eyes fixed in place.

“What is it, Kayo-san?”

“When will my burns be healed?”

“Your burns have already almost completely healed. You’ve hardly any scarring left.”

There was no lie in that. At first Kayo had suffered horrible burns all over her body, to the degree where even the skin on her face had been horribly charred; however, by now she had returned to her former beauty, as though none of it had happened.

But Kayo said only, “…That can’t be. My face was so hideous—”

“Then why don’t you see for yourself?”

The doctor pulled out a hand mirror, and brought it up to Kayo’s face.

Reflected in there was a beautiful black-haired woman.

But—

“Noooo! It’s hideous, hideous!”

Kayo suddenly screamed, and began to thrash on the futon.

“–!? Calm down! Kayo-san, Kayo-san!”

The doctor managed to soothe Kayo, and she eventually regained her composure, once more lying down on the futon.

And then she returned to having those vacant eyes.
The doctor sighed quietly, looking upon her.

“Even if the wounds on her body heal, those on her mind…”

.

“Sorry to keep you waiting~”

In short order Bufuko returned with Kayo’s meal and the bundle prepared for the doctor.

“Thank you…Well then, I take my leave.”

Once the doctor had taken the bundle, he quickly nodded to Bufuko and left the room.

“Anyway. …Kayo-saaan, I’ve brought your dinner for todaaay.”

Bufuko turned around to Kayo, and called out to her.

When she did, Kayo sat up from the futon and thanked Bufuko. “Sorry to trouble you as always…Ren.”

Ren was the name of Kayo’s dead son.

Naturally, as Bufuko was Bufuko, Ren was not her name. Not to mention, her age was different. Even if Ren were alive, he would be a four-year-old, but Bufuko was a fully-grown adult, at least past twenty. And she was of a different gender as well, for that matter.

The only real commonality they had was blond hair, but it was still extremely bizarre for Kayo to mistake Bufuko for Ren through that point alone.

“Oh no, Kayo-san. I’m sure I’ve told you many times now that my name is Bufuko.”
“Is that right…Well, thank you for the meal, Ren.”

“Sigh…” This sort of exchange had been going on every day these four years, so evidently Bufuko had half-given up on it. “Well, as long as you eat everything up and get better, that’s good enough for me, Kayo-san.”

Bufuko silently watched over Kayo as she took her meal.

Right around then, a new figure entered the room.

“Excuse me.”

It was a tall, delicately featured man with his long hair bound in a topknot.

“My my, Anan-sama. Long time no see.”

The moment Bufuko saw him, she gave a deep bow.

Anan passed right by Bufuko and knelt down beside Kayo. Then he asked, “Kayo, you’re awake. I’ll ask you this only once now. Where have you hidden…the Okuto family ‘treasure’?”

Kayo looked up at Anan with a flabbergasted expression, but eventually replied, quietly, “…Like I’ve told you over and over again…I don’t know anything about a ‘treasure’ like that.”

Anan lifted his eyes, appearing about to say something once more. But before he could, Bufuko put a hand on his shoulder.

“Anan-sama, there’s no point! I think that Kayo-san truly doesn’t know anything. She doesn’t look like she’s lying, to me.”
“…Grrr.”

Anan cast his eyes down regretfully.

“They have to…have to be somewhere. The treasure that this woman’s mother—Okuto Kagura—stole from our home…The ‘Dual Cursed Blades’!”

“But given that Kagura-san died in an accident a year before the fire—”

“I know that! That’s why I’m looking into her daughter Kayo!”

“Kayo-san told me that she’s never seen such blades before, and even if they were hidden somewhere in her home, they would have burned up alongside the tailor shop in the great fire…”

“…No matter how we searched the ruins we didn’t find anything. Cursed blades that could be made a family heirloom would certainly be able to withstand flames of that level. In other words…Outside of asking this woman about it I have no other recourse to fulfill my mission.”

This samurai named Anan was a descendent of Okuto Gato–To put it another way, he would be a blood cousin of Kayo’s.

He had been entrusted by his grandfather with locating the family treasure that Kagura had taken with her.

What exactly it meant that he hadn’t completed that mission…I wouldn’t know, but at the very least it wasn’t very good for his standing in the Okuto family.

Anan had been periodically visiting Kayo’s room and questioning her ever since she’d arrived in the Okuto house, but ultimately he had been unable to achieve any results up to that day.

Kayo being unable to tell him the whereabouts of the blades was not because she was hiding it, nor was it because of her mental illness.

Just as Bufuko said, Kayo legitimately hadn’t heard anything from her mother about any blades.

“Hmph…Oh well. I have other business today.” Anan adjust his posture as he knelt and then said to Kayo, “Okuto…No, Sudou Kayo. I have been told that the tailor shop you were living in before has been successfully rebuilt. Thanks to the financial aid of the Freezis Foundation firm.”

“Goodness! That’s great news!” Bufuko rejoiced. But Anan’s face stayed stern. And Kayo made no change in her expression.

“I have also heard that you have recovered to the point where you can get by without difficulty. …Therefore, our esteemed magistrate has ordered me to have you evicted from here.”

“–!? You can’t be serious!”

Bufuko was the only one who objected there.

“Kayo-san has recovered quite a bit, it’s true. But her mind still…needs more time.”

“That’ll be true whether she’s staying here or not, won’t it? We can’t just let someone who’s not a member of this family stay here eating free meals forever.”

“Kayo-san is a granddaughter to the magistrate, and a cousin to you too, isn’t she? And yet—the magistrate has not yet forgiven Kagura-sama, has he?”
“…That’s not the only thing. There is a problem with the woman herself.”

“What are you saying?”

“Kayo-san’s late husband—He is another grandchild of the esteemed magistrate.”

“What!? This is the first I’m hearing of that.”

Bufuko looked extremely shocked, but Kayo made hardly any response at all.

This was common knowledge for her. For she had pledged herself to her husband while knowing everything.

“You know that the esteemed magistrate had four children, don’t you? One of those children was Kagura, one was my own father, and the son of one of the remaining two was Kayo’s husband—In short, Kayo married her own cousin.

“But that’s not such an uncommon thing here in Jakoku, is it?”

“You are correct, but Kayo’s husband also was disinherited from the Okuto family for his riotous ways…So it’s obvious that our magistrate would never think well of Kayo having married him. You could say that taking care of her to this point is a last act of charity from him. But that ends today.”

After Anan had said that much, he then said to Bufuko:

“You have been attending on Kayo until now, but that also ends now. Starting tomorrow you will once again return to being my servant.”

“Huh~~!?”

“Why are you so displeased!? You’re just returning to how it was before! …For that reason, you too will be making preparations to leave this house tonight.”

“Wha!? Why?”

“You must know that I am providing assistance to the Freezis Foundation Firm! And you cannot serve my needs while remaining here.”

“…So then I guess that means I’m going to be living in the Freezis Trading House too.”

“Hm, yes. It was only just rebuilt a few years back so it’s quite clean.”

“But we’ll have to come into contact with a bunch of foreigners, won’t we? How annoyiiiing~”

“Are you really one to say that, having by all rights the appearance of a foreigner yourself?”

“Yeah, but I’m born and raised a Jakokuan~”

“Stop your whining! I’ll chop you down right here!”

“Huagh…That’s why I don’t wanna…” Bufuko turned back to Kayo, shoulders drooping. “Kayo-san. Starting tomorrow I’m going to be working at the Freezis Trading House. So unfortunately, this is the last day I’ll be able to take care of you.”

Bufuko looked genuinely regretful when she said it, but Kayo, who had been expressionless up to that point, lit up in amazement.

“My my! Working at that big merchant firm! How good for you, Ren. I should do something to celebrate… But all your mother knows how to do is make new clothes…”

“…Then how about you make a new outfit for me? I feel like the kimono I have now clashes a bit with a western style house.”

“Alright. What would you like?”

“A maid uniform! Something frilly and foreign!”

Her reply had been instantaneous.

“A foreign maid uniform, hm? I’ve never made one before, but your mother will do her best.”

When Kayo smiled, Bufuko looked sheepish but happy.
