A missionary who had ridden along on the Freezis Foundation firm’s boat from the country of Maistia three days before, in order to spread the foreign Levin religion in Jakoku—that was your identity as explained to Kayo by Anan.

“Kayo-san. I have heard that you’ve been troubling yourself over your burn scars,” you said to Kayo, drinking milk tea in the trading house’s parlor.

“Yes.” Kayo nodded, sitting in a chair across from you. “As you can see, I sustained these burns in a fire. It’s not just on my face. Even now after four years have passed there are still scars all over my body.”

Despite Kayo saying this, there were of course hardly any such scars left at this point.

You made no move to refute her words, despite clearly being able to see for yourself.

“Yes…Quite awful scars.”

It was there that Anan, who was standing nearby, spoke up. “I’ve been told that Elluka-sensei has been providing salvation for the hearts and minds of a great many people on the mainland. When I heard about that, I figured that surely she might be able to soothe your anxieties. I told her about you.”

It was clear that this was not something that Anan had done out of the kindness of his heart.

He only held the faint hope that if Kayo’s mental illness was cured, then she might remember the “treasure”.

“Hah…” After Kayo looked at your face in a daze while giving her half-hearted response, she suddenly murmured, “Sensei…You have such a beautiful face. And you speak Jakokuese so well.”

“What a kind thing for you to say. Well, leaving aside the matter of my appearance, when it comes to my speaking I have come to this country before in the past, so I learned then.”

“Oh, really?”

“Yes…In the far off…distant past.”

“And yet Perrier-san earlier didn’t seem to be that fluent in Jakokuese at all.”

You unthinkingly started to chuckle at Kayo’s words. “Well, with her…Each person has their own strengths, you know. But Perrier-san’s ability in trade is something to behold. Though as her connection to the actual Freezis family is rather weak, she was shafted here to this backwater–Oop, pardon me.”

“Oh no, it’s fine. I’m sure to a foreigner a place like Jakoku would seem pretty backwater…The Freezis Foundation in the Evillious region must be a magnificent organization.”

“It is the organization that holds the most power in Evillious—Or so it used to be said. Nowadays a rival firm has started to crowd in on them.”
“A rival company?”

In response to Kayo’s tilting of her head, you pointed to a building visible outside the window.

“The Yarera Zusco Firm that runs that trading house near here.”

“My, that’s also a quite incomparably large mansion.”

“They’ve been rapidly gaining clout in recent years. With the Marlon family that’s served as the sponsor for the Freezis Foundation having been drive out of their position as royalty, at present it seems the two firms are locked in a struggle for supremacy. Perrier even thought at first that the fire that happened four years ago was the doing of one of theirs, apparently.”

“…!”

The expression in Kayo’s eyes seemed to change a little.

“Well, their trading house burned down in that same fire, so in the end they concluded that it was someone else.”

“…Hah…Everyone went through so much.”

Kayo listened to you speak while savoring the tea that had been prepared for her.

“…I apologize. I’ve gotten quite off-track.”

“Oh no, I hardly ever have the chance to hear about foreign matters such as this, so it’s deeply interesting.”

And there Anan joined into the discussion.

“Oh yes, yes. Listening to Elluka-sensei and Perrier-sama talk, I’ve come to learn just how small Jakoku really is. I’ve even developed a desire to cross the sea to visit the Evillious region and Maistia myself one of these—”

At that point, you turned to Anan and declared, shutting him down cold, “Anan…Would you mind waiting outside for a minute?”

“Ah…No…But—”

“I have things I want to talk about, just us two women. Also, you’re being a bit annoying.”

“Annoying!? …Fine. …Then, excuse me.”

Anan left the parlor, shoulders slumped.

“Now then…Let’s get back on topic. Kayo-san, you are troubled by your burn scars.”

“…Yes.”

“And you have said that I am beautiful.”

“Yes. You have such clear white skin, and such vibrant pink hair—frankly I’m jealous.”

“So then—we have an extremely simple method of resolution here. It’s a special trick that only I can do.”

“Really? …But, I…That…”

“What is it?”

“I don’t really have much interest in religion.”

And when Kayo bashfully said that, you suddenly started cackling.

“…Hahaha! Relax. I don’t really have any inclination to convert you to the Levin religion. The title of ‘missionary’ in the first place was just something I obtained in order to have the Freezis Foundation firm let me ride along in their boat.”

“Truly!? …I feel as though I don’t know you at all, Elluka-san.”

“You don’t have to know me. –I am the one who shall save your heart. That is all you need keep in mind.”

Your eyes looked as though they were flashing a mysterious green.

“You will…save me…Elluka-san?”

“Yes. But I will need a little bit of preparation for that, so…come back here in three days’ time—or rather, I will go to where you live. Where is your home?”

“Erm…It’s the tailor shop…a little ways down the hill from here.”

“Understood. Then I’ll see you in three days.”

.

–To be honest, the moment that I first saw you I was awash with a terror that I had never before experienced.

It might be a bit odd for me to say so, in this form as I am now, but it had seemed to me that you were something quite different from other people…Yes, it had seemed that you weren’t even human at all, but another being entirely.
