The day after next, Kayo headed for the dry goods store, the “Miroku shop” at the bottom of the hill.

She wanted to properly give her thanks to Mei for having taken care of her.
When she passed by under the Miroku shop sign, she found a girl sitting just inside.

“Do you have a moment, young miss?”

Apparently remembering being yelled at for speaking in the same way with Perrier, I could see Kayo’s expression tense up slightly—but this time, it seemed this really was a “young miss”, as her appearance suggested.

The girl replied brusquely, “Mom and Dad aren’t here right now. And my big sis is on a date.”

It seemed she was another daughter of Mei’s.

When Kayo asked her name, she said, kicking her foot back and forth, “My name is, um, Rin. I’m watching the shop today. But I can’t take on any of the work commissions. And I don’t know what anything’s worth, so I can’t sell the clothes.”

To my mind that made her watching the shop rather pointless.

Kayo appeared to think much the same, but she only smiled warmly and commented, “So then you’re waiting for your family to come home, Rin-chan.”

“Yeah.”

I remember very clearly that Kayo’s expression grew incredibly lonely right then.

Rin then said, not noticing Kayo’s state, “But…I feel like I’m not just waiting for Mom and Dad and my big sis.”

“Hm?”

“Not just today. Yesterday and the day before that too. Or maybe I should say I’ve felt like that for a long time—since I was born, even. I’m waiting. …Although I don’t know how long.”

It was an odd thing for her to say.

“I see…I hope you meet them. This person you’re always waiting for.”

I don’t know what Kayo thought of that, but that is what she replied, her smile unwavering.

“Yeah! …Are you waiting for someone too, ma’am?”

“…Why do you think that?”

“I guess you have that kind of face.”

The moment her face was commented on, Kayo apparently remembered the issue of her burn scars, and immediately averted her face from Rin.

“…I guess I’ve said something rude. If I did, I’m sorry.” Rin looked up at Kayo apologetically.

“Oh no, it’s not that…Yes, I’m waiting too…but.”

“…”

“The people that I’m waiting for…aren’t ever coming back…”

After telling Rin that she would visit again, Kayo left the Miroku shop.
