Once upon a time, in a land far far away, there was a very selfish princess by the name of Jahime.

Jahime would do little more than spend lots of money to enjoy herself.

On top of that, she one day said this:

“Make all of Jakoku mine.”

.

At that time, Jakoku was not yet one large country.

It was made of several smaller countries, and Jahime’s was little more than one of them.

.

Jahime joined forces with a witch who had come from a foreign country, and one by one the nations around her fell to ruin.

And many people were killed.

.

When all of Jakoku was overcome with fear of Jahime and the witch, a lone young samurai rose up.

He was of foreign blood just like the witch, and he was able to wield a strange power.

It was said that he could sprout wings from his back and fly through the air.

.

The samurai took on allies who had come from foreign lands like himself, and they faced Jahime and the witch.

One of his allies, a woman who could use dark arts, summoned a wind and blew away Jahime’s troops.

Her apprentice knocked about the soldiers with a bizarre matchlock pistol.

And an old woman wearing a monkey mask created a sharp blade for the samurai.

.

When they were nearing the point where they could defeat Jahime, the old woman in the monkey mask was killed by the witch.

While shedding tears of sorrow, the samurai finally felled Jahime in Jagahara, and the witch was driven out of the country.

.

The dark-arts user and her apprentice returned to their home country.

And the samurai received from the local lord the land of Izami in the south, coming to rule there.

The daughter of the old woman in the monkey mask came to that land, built a splendid grave for her mother, and stayed to live there.

He treasured the blade that he’d received from the old woman as a family heirloom for the rest of his days.

.

–From “Freezis Fairytales, Foreign Stories”
