Lemy had been hidden away in the scaffolding above the ceiling of the “Hall of Sounds” in the palace since last night.

A conference was taking place between his mother and the Freezis Foundation there tonight. The contents—well, he was sure it had something to do with crime countermeasures, or business development for the new continent, or something like that. It wasn’t all that important to Lemy.

After the conference was over, a banquet was planned to be held in the “Hall of Mirrors”. Naturally, everyone from the Freezis Foundation would attend. During the period between the conference’s end and the banquet, the female foundation commander would be going to a different room to change clothes. The two Vice-Commanders would then be waiting a little in the “Hall of Sounds”—that was the gist of things.

During that time, for only ten short minutes, Nob and Bruno would be alone together there.

He would aim for him then, without letting that moment go.

He would descend from the ceiling into the room and swiftly kill Nob—Julia had arranged that all the interior and patrolling guards would be outside.

And Bruno, who would wind up being the sole witness to the murder, was obviously an ally. There would be no problems.

When it was all over he would return to the scaffolding before the guardsmen could arrive, and then move through there to the “Princess’ room”. He would then head outside through the secret passage hidden in the fireplace there—And at that point, the plan would be complete.

“—Well, any time now I guess.”

Lemy looked down at the numbers on the pocket watch he was holding. The hands said that it was 3:50PM. The meeting was slated to start at 4PM, so people would be entering the “Hall of Sounds” about now.

He looked down from a peephole that had been put in in advance. Julia and several men were already seated. After a short while, the door opened, and an aging woman came into the room. She was followed by two men—the first was Bruno. Which meant that the other white-haired man was Nob Nicole. He fit with the features that Bruno had told Lemy about beforehand.

Commander Aai first embraced Julia, gave her greetings, and then sat down. Bruno and Nob followed suit. All those planned to attend were present. From then, the meeting started.

He’d been told that the meeting would end after about two hours. It seemed that his boredom would continue for just a bit longer.

During that time, Lemy examined the state of his silver knife, his primary weapon, and checked with his hand mirror to make sure that none of his white makeup had smeared.

–Ney said nothing to him.

She’d stopped speaking up as much lately.

5:34PM. The meeting ended without incident.
Julia, the other Lucifenian statesmen, as well as Commander Aai stood from their seats.

Bruno and Nob both remained seated.

“There’s a little time remaining until the banquet, so you two wait here for a short while,” Julia said, and the two of them wordlessly nodded.

It would soon be Lemy’s turn to shine. Once everyone but the two of them had left the room, he would immediately set to work—

“—You can’t do that! The meeting is still in session—No one is permitted in—”

He could hear someone arguing outside.

“…? What’s that?”

The moment Lemy looked to the door from his peephole, it opened. Two men came inside.

“Those look like uniforms they’re wearing…If I remember right, those are from ‘Justea’—”

Could it be that their plot had been uncovered? While a little nervous, Lemy decided to watch how things played out.

“My my, what business could Justea investigators have here so suddenly?” Julia asked them calmly.

“Our apologies for interrupting. There’s a bit of an emergency—Erm, I’m Justea Investigator Willus Zolach. And this Netsuma man next to me is Ayn Anchor. He’s also from Justea,” the black haired man said to Julia, inclining his head.

Upon seeing them, Bruno grew furious.

“I’m quite certain you two had orders to return back to your headquarters! What are you doing in this country!?”
“—Goodness, how would you know that we had orders to head home?…Vice-Commander Marlon,” Willus replied, not a trace of timidity in his voice.

“…I have a friend in the World Police. He told me.”

“Would that ‘friend’ be Justea’s leader, Chief Hob Homer? –Unfortunately, he turned his back on you a long time ago. The chief fears pay cuts and demotions more than anything, but what he hates more than that…is the distortion of justice. You’ve been meddling into the World Police a bit too much.”

Bruno’s brow knit. “…Detective Zolach. I’ve heard rumors of you. That you were an excellent man, once a top candidate for the World Police.”

“…”

“But you lost candidacy out of your high-handedness, and smolder uselessly as an investigator for Justea. –Do you have any proof that I am in collusion with the World Police? You can’t be acting on Homer’s word alone!”

“You’re quite the sharp one. When you give orders to the chief, you make sure to never leave behind any trace that could serve as evidence—So we’ll leave that be for now, and get to the real reason we came here—regarding the ‘emergency’.”

As Willus spoke, he approached Nob, still sitting down.

“Vice-Commander Nicole. –Your life is in danger.”

“–!?”

Nob and Bruno’s expressions both grew shocked. Commander Aai and the Lucifenian top brass also grew agitated at that. Only Julia maintained an air of calm.

And Julia once more started talking to Willus.

“Do you have a basis for thinking so?”

“Yes. Justea has been conducting an investigation into the vice-commander in secret. He’s been opposed to Vice-Commander Nicole concerning the foundation’s management policies –Isn’t that right, Commander Freezis?”

Aai nodded. “…Yeah, that’s true. But you can’t honestly be suggesting Bruno would try to have Nob killed for just that reason alone?”

“We’ve seen several suspicious points in Vice-Commander Marlon’s activities lately. First off, this past month he’s been deploying several of his subordinates to the new continent of Maistia. At present the development of the new world is under the jurisdiction of Vice-Commander Nicole. So then why would Vice-Commander Marlon be sending his subordinates there?”

It seemed Nob hadn’t known that fact. He turned to Bruno and glowered at him.

Willus continued talking.

“This is what I couldn’t help thinking: Vice-Commander Marlon must be trying to take over on the business of developing the new world without permission. Naturally, that’d be impossible as long as Vice-Commander Nicole was around. But if Vice-Commander Marlon were to know in advance that he wouldn’t be around any longer in the next few days—then his actions become a bit more understandable.”

Bruno’s complexion had grown blatantly pale. Julia’s expression hadn’t changed, but Lemy could tell that she was starting to become displeased.

She was periodically tapping on her thigh with the fingers on her left hand. His mother always did that when she was displeased.

Willus continued to speak, leisurely pacing around the room.

“That’s not all. Vice-Commander Marlon has also been coming here to Lucifenia and Elphegort quite a bit lately. …He’s bothered you at your home many times, President Abelard.”

“We were merely discussing business in preparation for the meeting today.”

“Oh? …Well then we’ll just leave it at that. Even outside of that, he’s already shown up at the remains of the ‘black market’ that the World Police has exposed. I haven’t gotten info on what exactly he’s been doing there, but the important thing is how he could even know where this black market was being conducted in the first place. Chief Homer told me that he hadn’t informed Bruno about that. We believe—that Vice-Commander Bruno is connected with ‘Pere Noel’. And if that’s the case, then Vice-Commander Nicole, who has his eye on exterminating them, would be a sure nuisance to him, I expect.”

“That’s bullshit! From start to finish this has all been utter speculation, without a single scrap of proof! I’ll ask you again—do you have any evidence!?” Bruno shouted.

“—No. Unfortunately, nothing concrete.”
“Then—“

“But we do have evidence regarding a different matter. …Detective Anchor.”

The other officer—the one who had been silent until then, the white haired young man—took a step forward.

“Erm, Vice-Commander-Marlon. You went missing once thirteen years ago, didn’t you?”

“…I got caught up in an incident when I came here to Lucifenia.”

“What sort of incident?”

“I don’t remember. I lost my memories from the shock.”

“After vanishing for almost two months, you once more returned to the foundation. And a man who had been under pursuit from the World Police right around the same time went missing from Lucifenia where he had been staying. …Kaidor Blankenheim. A culprit of spousal murder. And during these thirteen years we’ve gotten nothing on his disappearance.”

“…Th-that has nothing to do with me.”

“Is that right? …Then one more thing. Three months ago, a prostitute named Isabel was murdered. During the course of following up on Kaidor Blankenheim’s trail, I was able to glean that Isabel had once been a fortuneteller by the name of Yuzette, and that right before Kaidor went missing he paid her a visit. Yuzette had some peculiar rumors about her—it was said that she could change a person’s face. And upon actually inspecting her possessions, we found this.”

Ayn unfolded a sheet of paper.

“Look here. It’s written, ‘Kaidor Blankenheim–>Bruno Marlon”. This appears to be the client list from when Yuzette was a fortuneteller. This arrow effectively denotes that the person listed first has had their face changed to the person listed after it—“
“That’s enough! People’s faces can’t just be changed that simply!”

Bruno had started to become sweaty.

“Can they?—We actually found someone in Elphegort. A girl who had her face changed by Yuzette…or rather, ‘Seventh, Magician’. We’ll keep her name quiet by her own wishes, but she’s promised to testify to the court if necessary.”

Lemy immediately knew who that girl was.

–Rin.

After Mayrana’s death, she had left Calgaround to live with her identity hidden in Elphegort’s capital of Aceid.

Bruno sat down, shocked.

Ayn continued, ignoring him. “Kaidor had a very particular feature. –A tattoo. He had a large tattoo of a twin dragon on his back. Even if his face was changed, what would happen to the tattoo on his back? …Vice-Commander Marlon, if you would be so kind as to take off your shirt and show us your back?”

Bruno didn’t reply, eyes cast down.

–And there, Lemy noticed that Julia was looking at the ceiling…at him. She was pressing her thumb over her throat.
That was a signal that Julia and Lemy had decided amongst themselves beforehand.

What it signaled—

.

–Was to kill.

.

Julia was to send him the signal in the event that Lemy had missed his timing to attack Nob.

“She wants me to kill Nob? Now?”

He felt it was too dangerous, yet had to agree this was the only chance he’d get. He got the sense that everything would be unsettled with how things were going now. He could go now, while everyone was distracted with Bruno and the investigators—

That’s not it.

Ney suddenly spoke up.

“…Haven’t heard you in a while, Ney. What do you mean?”

Look at Julia again.

Upon closer inspection, after Julia had put her thumb on her neck, she then pointed in a certain direction.

And the person she was pointing at—

Was Bruno Marlon, his head hanging low.

“–! She wants me to kill Bruno!?”
I guess she’s selling out Bruno.

“But…isn’t he a friend? And everyone’s looking at him right now. If I kill him with this timing, then I’ll be—“

With how things are going, Bruno is going to get arrested, and eventually he’ll spill everything about Pere Noel. Once that happens, Julia’ll be finished too…Julia must plan to make you into a sacrificial pawn to save her own skin.

“It can’t be…”

–Such a ridiculous thing couldn’t possibly be true.

Must mean that to Julia someone like you is worth nothing more than that after all.

“…I don’t believe that. My mother must have some means in mind to keep me from being arrested.”

Hmph…Then go on and do it. See—quickly!

Julia looked agitated. Her hand motions grew more frequent. “Hurry up and kill him”—that seemed to be what she was saying.

“…Mother.”

But—

.

Lemy ultimately couldn’t go down there.
