11PM.

Lemy was standing before the brothel in the seventh district.

Magician and Sniper were supposed to be waiting there.
He knocked on the door.

But there was no reply.

It wasn’t locked. Lemy slowly opened the door and walked inside.

It was pitch black. There were no lights on.

Lemy lit the lamp he was carrying with him. Relying on that light, he searched to see if anyone was there.

But–there was no one in any of the rooms.

He headed further in.

When he did…a figure suddenly appeared from deeper in the hallway.

As they got closer, the light of the lamp illuminated their face.

“—It doth seem the premises are deserted.”

Gatt Coulomb—“Sixth, Venom”.

“Yeah. Although they told me they’d be waiting here…”

“I do surmise that they were awares. …That we had come to kill them.”

“I guess so…”

Lemy’s shoulders dropped.

Just like with Bruno, he had once again failed to fulfill his mother’s expectations.

He had let the traitors escape.

“You need not despair, ‘Fifth, Pierrot’.”
Gatt placed a hand on Lemy’s left shoulder.

“It may be true that ‘First, Santa Claus’ foresaw events transpiring this way.”

“Huh…Why?”

“I had once targeted her—Elluka Clockworker—before.”

“Yeah, I know about that.”

“Santa Claus was quite vexed with me. ‘I’m the only one who can do her in’, she said. I was even made to weed her garden as punishment….Well, it was fine. Nevertheless, it is like that she desires to put Elluka to her end by her own hand.”

.

Seventh, Magician.

And Eighth, Sniper.

The two of them—went missing.
