That day, Nyoze’s heart had been filled with melancholy at the monumental responsibility he had been given.

“Hah…”

Taking advantage of the fact that there was no one around him, he let out an unrestrained sigh.

Nyoze was waiting for visitors to arrive, alone in the great white reception hall.

It was about ten minutes until the arranged time.

As yet there didn’t seem to be any indication that anyone was coming.

Good grief, how did it come to this…

Nyoze could only feel that he’d had a burden foisted upon him.

Despite the face they put on to the public, the social statuses between the members who served on the senate were not necessarily equal. To the others, Nyoze was little more than an appendage of his older brother, the senate head.

And who is it who keeps blundering the “Project” in the first place?

With regards to the first project’s failure, that had been the responsibility of the elders of each family headed by Nyoze’s own father, and as a consequence of that they had all been overthrown. Nyoze couldn’t be faulted for anything that happened after that point.

He’d had hardly any participation in the project right up to its sixth iteration. Or perhaps it would be more accurate to say that he couldn’t participate.

Gammon could likely see that Nyoze had little inclination nor confidence in himself as a senator. That was why his brother had deliberately kept him away from the “Project”.

To others this may have looked as though it were some sort of power struggle between siblings, but he was rather grateful to Gammon for it.

Nyoze had been doubtful of the “Project” from the very get-go. He didn’t understand how the others could have such blind acceptance of the prophecies of a “queen” they had never met themselves.

More important to Nyoze than such indefinite things was his own family. He believed with strong conviction that it was much more worthwhile to instead devote himself to showing affection towards his wife and newborn child.

His father had expressed disapproval towards his marrying a foreigner, but he wasn’t around anymore. Gammon had inherited the honor of the Loop Octopus clan for him. Nyoze should have been able to enjoy some degree of freedom, while doing the bare minimum of his basic tasks as a senator.

…But now here he was.

Out of the blue, Nyoze had been appointed as proxy agent for the man in charge of the seventh project iteration, Seth Twiright.

The reason for this being, as Gammon explained, Seth having become unable to show himself in public due to personal reasons.

Not even Nyoze, as his proxy agent, had directly met with Seth in person.

All of their exchanges had been conducted through letters. To Nyoze all of the scientific contents written therein were no more than an enumeration of meaningless jargon, but the specific orders they contained at least were always clear.

At any rate, today Nyoze was here under Seth’s direction to meet with a selection of four women.

Five more minutes until the arranged time.

The door opened, and a slender girl with twin blades tied at her hip entered the reception hall.

When she saw Nyoze there, she slowly knelt, and bowed her head.

From her bearing it was clear she had the good breeding characteristic of a distinguished family.

“It has been a long time, Senator Nyoze.”

“Ah, Ly Li. You’ve grown.”

Nyoze had last met her somewhere around seven years ago.

The innocent young girl that Ly had been then had now become a woman of attractive face and figure.

“You’re a little earlier than planned…The others haven’t arrived yet.”

“I don’t mind. Acting with decisive speed is a precept of the Li family, after all.”

“I see, well then please wait here for a little bit.”

Ly was the daughter of senator Irta Li.

Frankly, Irta and Nyoze didn’t have a good relationship with each other. One could even go so far as to call it stormy. It even went as far back their father’s generation…No, for ages now there had been history of their respective families always quarrelling about something or other.

Still, as a child Ly had no way of knowing about this relationship between their two families, and so Nyoze had always treated her warmly. He had also doted on her, getting the impression that she wasn’t loved much by her own father.

They had become estranged lately owing to Irta not thinking very highly of this connection between the two of them, but–

It was now the arranged time.

A beautiful woman who radiated sensuality slipped into the reception hall without a sound.

The scent of lavender began to fill the spacious room.

“Am I on time?” The beauty briefly inclined her head to Nyoze, passing Ly right on by. “Nice to meet you. I’m Milky Eights. And you are–?”

“Nyoze Loop Octopus. I will be supervising the project this time around, as proxy for the man in charge.”

“Proxy, huh…Hmph.”

A slight expression of disappointment crossed Milky’s face.

But she quickly returned to her smile, staring at Nyoze’s face with narrowed eyes.

“A senator of the Loop Octopus clan…It seems the rumors of you being a looker are true.” She gently caressed Nyoze’s jaw as though in invitation. “I wouldn’t mind servicing you, haha.”

Watching this display from behind her, Ly spat out in a mutter, “…Rotten whore.”

Milky didn’t miss that remark. “My my, what an awful thing to say.”

“I’m just stating a fact. Also, you smell.”

“Do you not like the scent of lavender, young mistress Li?”

“It’s alright. When it’s not overly strong like this. It seems the rumors that whores douse themselves in perfume to hide other smells is true after all.”

“…Aren’t you a vulgar woman.”

“Not as vulgar as you are.”

Nyoze could only hold his head as he watched the two women glowering at each other.

Hah…And here we’ve got this right at the start…

Though he wanted to just get on with things, the other two remaining still hadn’t arrived yet.

All he could do was wait through this threatening atmosphere.

–Five minutes after the arranged time.

A short girl raced into the reception hall.

“S-sorry I’m so late!” The girl gave a cringing bow towards the other three people already in the room. “Erm, um…I’m Irina!”

Nyoze replied warmly to her as she introduced herself, “Welcome, Irina Clockworker. You must have come here in a hurry, yes? You ought to take a moment to calm down a little and get your breathing settled.”

“Yes sir! …Huff, huff…I’m so sorry, I was helping my older brother with his work and I lost track of time—"

“It’s quite alright. You aren’t that late at all. …Well then, that just leaves one more—"

Irina restlessly looked around them. “Huh? I could have sworn…my sister-in-law came to the castle with me…”

“The castle is quite large. It’s possible she’s gotten lost somewhere. How about we wait here for her a little longer?”

Thanks to the intrusion of this somewhat boisterous girl, the turbulent mood between Ly and Milky had diffused somewhat.

And so…

Thirty minutes after the arranged time.

The remaining woman still hadn’t shown herself.

“Hey…This uh, ‘sister-in-law’ of yours is still a no-show?” Ly asked Irina, looking irritated.

“H-huh? …That’s strange? …Maybe we should go look for her?”

Nyoze was just pondering what was up with Irina, seeing her cower with her eyes shifting back and forth, when it happened.

“Sorry I’m laaaaaate!”

A cheerful yell rang out through the hall.

And then a red-faced woman with an unsteady gait walked inside.

“Big Sis Elluka!”

Irina raced over to the woman and moved to support her.

Milky started speaking to her, dumfounded, “Are you…drunk?”

“No waaaay, I did all the drinking last night. Seems like the…hic…alcohol hasn’t worn off yet.”

“Unbelievable…I thought you were supposed to be a Lighwatch shrine maiden.”

“Nnnooope. I got kicked outta the temple, so it’s former shrine maiden.”

“…Ah, I see.”

–Whatever the situation, this meant that the four of them had finally been assembled…

And apparently all four of them were going to be a handful.

Good lord…I’m not going to forget this, Gammon.

He couldn’t very well abandon the job that he’d been given.

Nyoze made a quick cough to maintain his sense of gravity.

“Now then…I would expect that everyone gathered here is aware of the basic situation, however—"

Ly stood before Nyoze as though to interrupt him as he started to speak out. “Senator Nyoze. I find myself confused.”

“About what?”

“Outside of me, these girls…I can’t imagine that any of them have the qualifications to become queen. A prostitute, a delinquent shrine maiden—or rather, former shrine maiden—and the daughter of a humble crafting family…Why in the world must I, someone hailing from a senate clan, be made to compete with people like them–?”

“Parentage and rank have nothing to do with it, Ly.”

Upon hearing that, Milky started to snicker. “It’s just as our esteemed senator says. In our Magic Kingdom the most crucial thing is the strength of your magic ability. All the more if you’re to become the queen ruling at the apex of it all.”

“Oh ho, so you’re saying you have an adequate amount of magical power for that?” Ly pressed Milky.

“Naturally…More than you, at least.”

“What?”

“I’m the one who’s confused here. Leaving these two aside,” Milky gave a quick glance at Irina and Elluka before rounding back on Ly, “Ly. You really don’t…look like you have particularly strong magical power.”

“Wha…”

“I have no way of knowing how you managed to pass the ‘Queen Test’…But you’d best keep in mind that your senate family’s influence isn’t going to do you much good from here on out.”

“You tramp…You dare to insult me?”

Ly drew a sword, pointing the tip at Milky’s face.

“Stop it, the both of you!” Nyoze roared in remonstration. “I will not allow any violence within this most sacred castle.”

“…I humbly beg your pardon.” Ly reluctantly sheathed her sword.

Once he was sure she’d settled down, Nyoze resumed talking.

“At any rate—it is undisputed fact that all four of you here cleared the ‘Queen Test’. In other words that means that all of you have the right to become successor to the queen.”

This was an unprecedent state of affairs.

Naturally, only one person could take the throne as queen. So it was beyond Nyoze’s understanding why the current queen had granted that capability to four different people.

There was no one raising any objections to this decision…Or, well, there might have been from the head of the senate, as the only person allowed to meet with the queen directly…But at present, now that Gammon had given his approval to having ‘four queen candidates’, the rest of the senate had no choice but to go along with it.

“However, as only one of you can become queen…The senate has decided that they need to carefully and definitively conduct a screening process.”

“…So then, what exactly is going to happen now?” Irina nervously asked Nyoze.

“For the four of you—starting today, you will come to live here in Alicegrad. Here you will receive more accurate measures of both your magical power and other qualities, and be scrutinized as to whether you have the disposition to act as queen.”

“Whaa!? You’re gonna put us on house arrest in the castle? …Gimme a break,” Elluka cried out, voicing her frank dissatisfaction as she clutched her head.

“Are you sobering up some, Elluka Chirclatia?”

“Listening to this nonsense, sure.”

“Don’t worry. This doesn’t mean that you won’t be allowed to leave the castle, really. If you need to, you can even return to your homes temporarily. Only…you aren’t permitted to leave the country. Additionally—” Nyoze turned to Milky. “You…will need to quit your current employment. As one might expect, we can’t have you taking clients inside the castle. And we must make sure to safeguard your dignity as a candidate for future queen.”

“Oh my…But I can’t make a living if I’m not earning money.”

“All of your necessities will be provided for. I’m sure your standard of living will be higher than it has been, even.”

“Well well. If that’s the case, sounds like a decent gig.”

Milky appeared satisfied with that.

“Living here in the palace, huh…I wonder if my older brother will be alright without me and my sister-in-law around…”

As ever, Irina was gazing into space with a worried look in her eyes.

“And your brother is—” Nyoze glanced over the documents in his hands before once more looking up. “—Kiril Clockworker, a music-box maker, yes? It’s not like you’ll be here for very long. There’s no cause for you to worry, I should think.”

“B-but…my brother isn’t very good at doing laundry and cleaning up…”

“If necessary, we can dispatch a housekeeper over there.”

“…Well, he’s actually quite shy around strangers, my brother…”

Elluka clapped a hand on Irina’s shoulder. “Come now. Kiril’ll be fine. I mean, it’s not like we cant’t go home ever, right?”

“But—”

“You just don’t want to live apart from Kiril?”

“N-no, that’s not…”

“Hahaha.”

Elluka patted her sister-in-law on the head.

And then she turned to ask Nyoze, “We’ll be in separate rooms, right? So it’ll be okay if I still do some drinking?”

“You will each be furnished with your own bedchambers. You’re allowed alcohol, but please try to restrain yourself.”

“Roger.”

“There are servants waiting outside the reception hall. You should have them show you to your rooms.”

Obeying his words, Elluka went to quit the reception hall, Irina tagging along behind her. After giving Nyoze’s face one more glance, Milky too followed suit.

That left only Ly, who continued to glower at Nyoze, clearly still not on board.

“Don’t scowl so, Ly. I get how you’re feeling right now, but—"

“Senator Nyoze…do these girls really understand what’s going on here?”

“Know what?”

“That becoming queen…What that truly means—I’m asking if they know about Project ‘Ma’.”

“…I couldn’t say. It likely wasn’t explained to them explicitly, but…It wouldn’t be strange if Elluka at the very least had some inkling, considering her history.”

“What do you mean?”

“Her older sister Zellana took the ‘Queen Test’ in the past, and as a result…has passed away.”

“My word…I see.”

“Well, I’ll be investigating into the specifics later. That is the duty entrusted to me.”

“…Then I wait with anticipation…For the senate to make the right judgment.”

And then, giving a final bow, Ly also left.

Yes…I will have to do some digging.

Not just when it came to Elluka.

It applied to all of them.

When it came to magical ability, it wasn’t Nyoze’s place to involve himself with that. That was something the scientific organization under Seth’s jurisdiction would look into, and they would produce the accurate data for it.

The job that Nyoze needed to carry out was to make inquiries into each of their backgrounds.

All four of them had suspicious points, things that caught his attention.

Honestly…what a nuisance.

It wasn’t the ‘project’ that was causing Nyoze’s agitation.

Whether it would succeed, whether it would fail again…In the end that was nothing more than one of those matters that, as the phrase went, “Only God knows”.

What was more important was—the matter of the queen, someone who stood at the apex of the country.

And whether he would be able to keep even a single scrap of “malice” from intervening there.
