First, thank you for reading this far.

With this final installment, this novel series that depicts the Evillious region and the world referred to as the Third Period has twelve volumes in total. (The “Daughter of Evil” series is four, the “Deadly Sins of Evil” series is eight. I’ve left out the guidebooks)

And the “master of the heavenly yard” is the twelfth installment.

Clockwork and springs and the like are just called “Clockwork” in English. The numbers leading up to and including twelve are what show the hours inscribed on a clock face. This series depicts close to a thousand years of the Evillious region’s history, but maybe the clock has really only gone around once—maybe only twelve hours have passed.

A dream seen in a slightly long sleep…Was all of what that bat said a complete lie, I wonder?

.

Leaving that aside, this current work, “master of the heavenly yard” that completes the series—or to abbreviate it, “mashev”, or “mothy”—regarding it’s ending…I decided to make it how it was relatively early on.

First, the image of putting a golden key into a box is something I derived from the Grimm fairytale “The Golden Key”. The Grimm Fairytales have been revised several times (you wouldn’t go amiss to look into these revisions a little. Depending on the person those numbers could be really interesting), but at any rate what’s been published as the final story is the “golden key”.

I think the time I decided to make that into the motif for the conclusion of the series around the time I made the song called “A Tale of Abandonment on a Moonlit Night”. That song was similarly based on a Grimm Fairytale called “Hansel and Gretel”, but at the same time it also depicted the impetus for the “Seven Deadly Sins” being released into the world.

(This is a tangent, but in the last Grimm Fairytale the brothers Grimm published before they died, “Hansel and Gretel” is recorded as being the “fifteenth” story. …If that number rings a bell, you must be a pretty big “of Evil” fan).

If the story of the beginning of the “Seven Sins” story was to utilize a Grimm Fairytale theme, then the ending should also have one—that was basically my simple line of reasoning.

Another thing, regarding the final chapter of this work, the “Prologue”.

–The hands of a clock will go back to where they started when they go all the way around.

In that sense, all three episodes are a “prologue” in their own way…but setting the series itself aside for a moment, what about me—what is the “prologue”, in other words the “beginning”, for myself, “AkunoP”?

…For those of you who don’t know, take a look at the interior fold of the book cover.

My profile is written there, you see.

–Now then, back to the story.

There are various patterns in how to end a story, but for me I personally think that “returning back to the beginning” is the most beautiful form of conclusion.

But that doesn’t necessarily mean that “everything up to then is rendered null”.

Even though a clock’s hands may return to their starting point, that doesn’t mean that time itself has wound backwards.

There may be changes there that you can’t see, and a new “beginning”.

The “prologue” of this story. That is what leads to a new start, for all of my readers and myself as well.

…With that thought in mind, I put a “certain song” in the end, one that had been thought unrelated to the series up to this point.

.

Despite having written down all of this long series, surprisingly enough I haven’t felt a sense of accomplishment at having done so.

I feel like I had that a little bit more when I ended the “Daughter of Evil” series.

Simply put, I think it’s that I don’t really have time to settle down over it.

Even now as I’m writing this afterword, the book isn’t necessarily finished. Even though I’ve written the whole manuscript, there’s still proofreading, illustrations, confirming the formatting, etc.

When the book is published the name on the cover will be that of the author, but in actuality it was made under the efforts of many others.

It is through the hard work of all of these people that I’ve been able to safely finish this series. For all of my editors and illustrators, let me take this space to give you my thanks again.

…Only, I don’t think that’s the only reason for my lack of a sense of accomplishment.

.

Thinking it over, I realized that I had written the answer to that just a little bit earlier myself.

–That this isn’t the “epilogue”, but the “prologue”.

Yes—

.

This karma of “evil” is not over.

.

…Thank you all so much!!

.

AkunoP (mothy)
