♣ Yukina ~In the Beelzenian Empire,
“Langley Unit Garrison”~

The next day, Chartette was listening to another soldier
talk in the main office with a rare serious expression on her face.

“Hrmm, well then…by then it’s already…'course
they’re here.”

I recognized the soldier in question. It was the guard at
the checkpoint I’d passed through on my way to Rucolebeni.

He’d arrived at the garrison this morning, ashen-faced,
and the two of them had been engrossed in conversation for several hours since.

I didn’t want to get in the way of their work, so for the
last several days I had been sorting the memos I wrote down in my notepad while
observing from a distance.

I opened my pocket watch and checked the time. I needed
to head back to the emperor’s castle before too long. I’d promised to meet with Gumillia today this
afternoon.

While I was making preparations to go, I heard Chartette
speak up from behind me.

“Oiii, Yukina. You headin’ out?”

“Oh, Miss Chartette. Is that alright? You seem to be
in the middle of work…”

“It’s fine! I’ve gotten all the information I
needed, so I’m just headin’ to the castle to make my report, yannow.”

The checkpoint soldier had left at some point. Looked
like he’d gone back to his post.

“That’s a neat coincidence. I was actually about to
head over to visit the emperor’s castle myself.”

“Meetin’ with Master Gumillia, huh? Since we’re
headin’ the same way, I’ll tag along, yannow!”

So saying, Chartette took my hand and started walking in
the direction of the emperor’s castle.
