Just as the carriage had pulled away from the Kihel check station it began to rain. From the sound of it striking against the top, said rain was probably closer to hail.

Hanne Lorre was leaning against the door in the back of the luggage compartment, watching the scenery with vacant eyes, her right hand on the edge of the window.

Human silhouettes were few and far between at 3pm on the plantation belt that stretched from the Brovals highway to the far horizon. She was able to catch sight of a lone couple quietly doing fieldwork together, but as soon as they saw that the downpouring rain was becoming violent they moved to get themselves away as fast as they could. That was to be expected. It must have been painful for those old bodies to be doing manual labor in this rain.

–She’d been getting older too. Recently her joints had begun to ache, especially in days of such rain. It seemed the human body tended to get weak at its junctions. It was a faint, dull pain, nothing that was too much to bear. Conversely, that was what made it so frustrating.

She had become extremely easy to tire. In the old days she would think nothing of walking all day long, but the way things were now she couldn’t work up the will to get anywhere far away if she didn’t rely on a vehicle.

What was wasting away? Was it her flesh, her spirit, or both?

She had been thinking about quitting her job. In all honesty it would be a simple matter for her. Originally she started her work almost as a lark, and her savings were such that for the time being she didn’t worry about her life. If she could just convince that annoying second generation company president, then there would be hardly any obstacles left towards quitting. If the chief minister kept the company going strong, the direction of the Freezis foundation without her likely wouldn’t be a problem.

But in the end, that wasn’t really a solution.

Regardless of whether she continued her work or quit, her body would slowly, but surely, become weaker.

Troublingly, Hanne’s appearance carried a youthfulness quite unchanged from long before, as though entirely disconnected from her weakening state. That was something she carried with some small pride, and it was because of that that she had no desire to tell those around her about her aging.

One crosses that turning point in life, and they get to where they start facing death. In spite of—no, because of that–she couldn’t afford to take a rest. Why she tried so hard all the time, even she herself didn’t really understand anymore. But she wanted to have at least one fruit of her labors to be left behind.

For her own sake, and for the ones who would likely follow after she was gone.

.

In the middle of her reverie, the carriage began to climb up a low hill. The rain continued to fall as before, although at the same time it looked as though the passing shower was letting up, just a little.

Hanne privately hoped for it to stop by the time they got to Merrigod Plateau. Collecting data in the rain would be a real pain.

Although it won’t be so bad if I can learn Mayor Calgaround’s whereabouts immediately.

If she could hear from the mayor on the history of Merrigod, as well as that of the city of Calgaround and the legend of the “Flower of the Pleateau”, the coverage would probably be quick and easy to get over with. At any rate she knew all she’d have to report on would be on a little corner of page space in the newspaper. She wasn’t going to go that far to fire herself up about her assignment.

Nevertheless, Hanne had accepted this job because she herself carried an interest in the story of “The Flower of the Plateau”.

460 years ago, the feudal lord of Calgaround at the time had a wife named Mikulia Calgaround; for some reason there seemed to be some kind of fairytale surrounding her, called “The Flower of the Plateau”. But the tale in its entirety was hardly ever told in the reaches of the capital city, Aceid, so far away from Merrigod Plateau.

The former great novelist Yukina Freezis was always traveling on foot and gathering up local legends, publishing several of them as novels in a fairy tale format. Several of those were widely read as best sellers regardless of region or generation. However, when it came to the book that was written about “The Flower of the Plateau”, while it was clear from one of Yukina’s journals that it had been written, the manuscript and the original copy, hadn’t been found.

To become a second Yukina Freezis…wasn’t her intention in the least, but an investigation into that sort of “unknown legend” was just standard demand. As no less than half of the family newspaper’s readers were Yukina fans to start with, it wasn’t all that hard to understand. If they were able to send out her unpublished novel should they, worst case scenario, not have enough stories to fill space in the paper, they would be able to maintain sales—or rather, sell a great deal more than usual, even.

Well, if she was able to achieve such a feat, it would be thanks to her own organization being established by the Freezis Foundation as a world-first newspaper company.

The Freezis Foundation currently owned all of the rights to Yukina Freezis’ writing. While she had an issue with them opening up the old girl’s works to the public in small amounts on their own initiative, Hanne wasn’t in a position to complain. Moreover, just before her death, Yukina herself had wanted to hand over the rights to her works to her household, so she must have foreseen it turning out like that.

At any rate, like most of the newspaper’s readers, Hanne had an interest in “The Flower of the Plateau”.

.

Around the time the carriage made it up the slope the rain had gotten considerably lighter. At this rate it seemed it’d soon let up.

“One more hill after this and we’ll be at Merrigod Plateau,” the gentle-faced coachman called back.

“And how long will that take?” Hanne asked.

After a momentary pause, the coachman replied, “Well…twenty, maybe thirty minutes before we get there, hm?”

“I see…and how long until we get to Calgaround from there?”

“It won’t take long. When we get onto the plateau you’ll start to be able to see the buildings of the city pretty quickly.”

The coachman’s words proved true. A little ways past just then, what lay in her opened field of vision as the carriage topped the somewhat steep hill road was an undulating grassy belt, and peculiar houses with walls so bright red they looked to be burning.

“Good gracious…What strangely colored buildings,” she unintentionally let slip.

The coachman made a light smile as though he was expecting that.

“Do you think it’s in bad taste?”

“Well…yes, frankly.”

“The city’s buildings are all like that. Though I dunno if it’s tradition or they got like that recently.”
It had to be some reason, right? If she could hear from the mayor on that topic too, she might be able to help in filling in the blanks.
