Merrigod Plateau was located at Elphegort’s most northeastern point, the city of Calgaround in the center of that. The city’s history was old, and it was said that it originally began as a result of a terrorist organization named “Apocalypse” operating in their citadel over six hundred years ago, back when the region was still a territory of the Magic Kingdom Levianta.

After the plateau entered Elphegort’s territory, it was used as a royal resort until up to 100 years ago. And the raised topography made it a natural choice to use as stronghold; when the capital city fell due to raids by foreign countries, the plateau allegedly became a place of refuge. Records remained of it being used in that way around the civil war of the Lucifenian Kingdom of year 500 in Evillious history as well.

Due to administrative reforms after that, Calgaround’s royalty lost control of the area, and it came to be governed by an elected civilian mayor.

The woman wearing red clothes standing in front of her was Julia Abelard, Calgaround’s eighth mayor.

“I commend you on coming all this way,” she said, quietly holding out a cup of black tea for Hanne. “What’s your impression of the city?”

When she had the question asked of her, Hanne hesitated for a moment on how she should respond to the question, but in the end decided to frankly give her opinion—or rather, shoot a question back. “Why are all the buildings in this city painted red?”

It was an unnaturally vivid red, unlike the reddish brown of brick. Naturally, even the walls of the mayor’s house they were in just then were the same. As though accustomed to hearing about it from people who came from outside, Julia answered with a smooth tone, “Ha ha, the color of this city’s walls is something we do in order to show our allegiance to the Virgin Mother.”

“The ‘Virgin Mother’?”

“Please look over there.”

Julia pointed to a painting hanging on the wall to her right. There was a picture depicting a woman wearing bright red clothes, the same color as all the walls in the city.

“Is that a portrait of yourself?”

“No. It’s said that I resemble her greatly—but no, it’s not.”

“Well then…Ah, I know. In red clothes with short hair—it’s the heroine of the Lucifenian revolution, Germaine Avadonia, right?”

But Julia shook her head. “That is also incorrect. The lady hanging here is the one considered to have given birth to the twins of god; the Virgin Mother, the Lady Meta Salmhofer.”

Upon hearing that name, Hanne understood everything; I had better not meddle too deeply, she decided.

There was a theory that the Evillious calendar presently being used had its first year determined by the year that Meta Salmhofer, who Julia called the “Virgin Mother”, gave birth to the “Twins of God”. In a crisis of destruction the Magic Kingdom Levianta was saved by the “Twins of God”, but the prideful people of the kingdom eventually stopped following their teachings; in the end, they were completely destroyed by the “Catastrophe”—that was the doctrine that had become common knowledge to adherents of Meta Salmhofer.

But the largest religion in Evillious, the Levin faith, was publicly denying this theory. Their official opinion was that she was a “witch” and a member of Apocalypse, and that she wasn’t the virgin mother, “Ma”.

Those who raised objection to that were harshly suppressed. That ended up being one of the reasons why the “Four Horseman” incident occurred in the year 508. In other words, this mayor…or rather, the whole town, may have been an assemblage of “heretics”. …Hanne didn’t think she’d be able to write about that in the article, and she just came around to hear the story of “The Flower of the Plateau”. She really didn’t want to have a hand in an unnecessary religious dispute.

“I see. Well, let’s leave that be…for now, I’d like to talk a little bit more about this town’s history—”

Julia seemed a little dissatisfied at having to switch the topic of conversation, but nevertheless began to loquaciously talk about Calgaround’s history.

Although, most of it wasn’t that much different than a lot of the history of Merrigod that Hanne had investigated beforehand, and as no information that was especially new got brought up she ended up mostly ignoring it.

“I see, I see…” She gave a few slightly exaggerated nods while pretending to jot down notes on a piece of paper in her hand with her fountain pen.

“Well then, one more thing. It’s regarding the wife of a feudal lord of this land, approximately 460 years ago, a one ‘Mikulia Calgaround’—“

When Hanne broached her main question, Julia gave a knowing nod. “The ‘Flower of the Plateau’, right?”

“Yes. I still hear of the tale about her being told in these lands even now. It’s said that Yukina Freezis wrote a story using that as inspiration about 70 years ago, but unfortunately the genuine article has yet to be discovered.”

“…So I’ve heard.”

“I came here thinking that readers of the newspaper—and fans of Yukina Freezis too—would be absolutely delighted if I were able to hear from you the legend of the ‘Flower of the Plateau’ said to be lingering here and then make it into an article.”

“I see…So that was the reason.”

Julia’s face seemed to grow a little downcast. Hanne couldn’t determine whether the cause of her disappointment was that she’d realized the interests of the reporter before her eyes wasn’t in the city’s history, or if it was simply because she didn’t want to talk about the “Flower of the Plateau”.

“—Well, alright.”

Although she didn’t know what was “alright”, at any rate it seemed that Julia had been in conflict with herself and arrived at the decision that she’d talk about the “Flower of the Plateau”.

“It’s not a very pleasant story. Perhaps you could say that it’s this town’s dirty secret. Because it’s a story that resulted in death. However…it was hundreds of years ago already; it’s not really anything that we need to keep secret. I don’t know who, but someone had to have told the story to Yukina Freezis, yes?”

Julia picked up the cup before her and took a single sip of the milk inside. “Miss Hanne Lorre. There’s something I’d like to begin by asking.”

“Yes, what is it?”

“How much of ‘The Flower of the Plateau’ do you know beforehand?”

At that, Hanne retrieved from her pocket a small book, about a little bigger than the size of her palm.

It was a copy of Yukina’s notes—or perhaps calling it her journal be more accurate.

“I know nothing but the description written here.” And, opening up to the inside of the page, she began to read the passage aloud.

“I think I shall go on another journey before long. I’ve spent too long in Aceid. Or, to be accurate, I’ve spent too long in this storeroom-like house, deprived of the sun. This time I’m thinking of touring around Levianta’s eastern region. Yes, the area I wasn’t able to stop by on my first secret trip nor during the Four Horseman incident. Before that it might also be good to go by Merrigod Plateau. For the story that’s been on my mind for a long time now; the ‘Flower of the Plateau’…That is, to investigate the legend of Mikulia Calgaround. It’s on the route to get to eastern Levianta, so it couldn’t be more ideal.”

She turned the page she’d been reading up until that point, and began to read once more.

“When I told Kyle about my journey, he suggested coming along as well. He told me he wanted to paint Merrigod Plateau’s scenery. After a bit of discussion we decided that we would travel together until we got to Calgaround on the plateau, and then we would take different directions. The carriage arrangements are finished, so now we only have to put the journey’s preparations in order.”

She turned the page again. This time skipping over several pages until she got to the one she wanted.

“The legend of the Flower of the Plateau that we heard in Calgaround has given me and Kyle several dramatic shocks. Not by the contents of the story, but the manner of the circumstances attached there. As I have no way of verifying the truth of a story set hundreds of years before, perhaps it was originally simply a coincidence. If it was just the story I heard here I guess it would have seemed so; but in my case, traveling through various places outside of Evillious and happening across similar strange ‘coincidences’ over and over, my doubt has only deepened. As planned at the start, Kyle tells me he is going to stay behind and paint. But it seems to me that he’s harboring different feelings than he did before we started on this trip. …I suppose he’s still pursuing her phantom, even now. I don’t have the motive or right to stage an intervention there.”

She flipped the pages many times, and stopped her hand on the second half of the section.

“With considerable significance I ended my dramatic journey and finally came back to this old storeroom. Tonight I shall rest, and then tomorrow immediately set about my writing. I’ll start with ‘Flower of the Plateau’, of Merrigod Plateau. I suppose it isn’t a story that’s really oriented towards being a fairytale. However, leaving aside the matter of actually publishing it, I can’t bear to go without writing this story. As the years pile up I have begun to notice these strange coincidences in this world–or maybe calling them “laws” would be better? …Perhaps it’s little more than one part of it all. Surely she knows the truth on that. Yes, the ‘Sorceress of Time’, Elluka Clockworker. If I am able to meet with her again, I have many things I would like to try and ask her about. But she…and her apprentice haven’t yet come back from the east. Now that I think about it, it seems Kyle hasn’t yet returned either.”

At that point, Hanne closed the book and lifted her face.

“…Well, that’s the gist of it. This also has written in it that later on Yukina wrote down ‘The Flower of the Plateau’ without incident.”

“But, that book doesn’t exist—Or, it hasn’t been found.”

“Such as it is.”

“The ‘coincidences’ or ‘laws’ Miss Yukina spoke of…I can’t resolve to guess what this is talking about… But I might be able to if you were to tell me about the legend of ‘The Flower of the Plateau’.”

“I don’t mind.”

This time, on Julia’s end, she retrieved a book from a nearby shelf. It was much bigger and had thicker binding than Yukina’s notebook that Hanne had carried in.

“In here is written the history of Calgaround up until 100 years ago. It’s something a civil official from the time of Thorny Elphen’s royalty, Hermann Bälz, had written. The successive generations of Calgaround’s feudal lords, as well as the names of their families, are taken note of here—Ah, here it is.”

Julia opened to a certain page of the history book and showed it to Hanne.

Gilbert Calgaround: Born year 118—Died year 151.

It was the name of a feudal lord from that time period. Furthermore, the names of lords before and after him were all lined up as well. It seemed Gilbert was around the seventh generation of lords.

Farther down, written with much smaller letters than the feudal lords’ were their spouses and siblings, and other relatives’ names. Hanne concentrated her eyes on one among those.

Mikulia Calgaround: Dates of birth and death unknown.

That was the only thing written about her. Taking the book from Julia, Hanne flipped through the pages and briefly looked it over, but most of it was just the succinct contributions of the generations of lords; very little about their families was alluded to. She wasn’t able to see anything that seemed to touch on the basic story of “The Flower of the Plateau”.

Once more turning the pages back, she scanned over the registry of the names of the regional lords and their families.

“Gilbert Calgaround…He died extremely young, didn’t he?” That was the point that was troubling her.

Although the life span of those days was shorter than now, it had still be a very premature death.

“Yes. It’s said that he died from illness, although I don’t know the specific disease. Such an influential man dying of causes unknown—-That sort of thing is bound to draw a lot of suspicious gossip.” Julia’s tone sounded as though she was hinting at something.

“In other words…Gilbert didn’t die from illness, he was killed by someone—that’s what you’re saying?”

“How perceptive. As I would expect from a newspaper reporter.”

“Then the legend of‘The Flower of the Plateau’ is—“

“Yes. Mikulia must have poisoned her husband, didn’t she? That sort of thing…That would be the first one.”

“First one?”

“Shall I tell the story from start to end?”

Julia turned towards the portrait from before and walked to it. Or more accurately, her goal was the vase on the shelf underneath it. Julia picked it up in her hands and returned to sit before Hanne.

Arranged inside the vase were flowers with pale emerald green petals.

“Greeonion Plateau Roses. Flowers that are said to bloom nowhere but Merrigod Plateau. What do you think? Beautiful, yes?”

“Yes, well…sure.” Honestly, Hanne wasn’t the type to admire flowers very much. She responded safely so that her lack of interest wouldn’t show through.

“Supposedly Mikulia too was a very beautiful woman. Just like this flower. So she was called ‘The Flower of the Plateau’, and loved by Calgaround’s people. In spite of being an outsider, even.”

“She wasn’t from here?”

“To be accurate I don’t know, but it does seem that she had come from the outside. It’s said that Gilbert fell in love the moment he saw her working as a flower vendor, and this resulted in them overcoming their differences of social status and marrying.”

“She was…a flower vendor?”

As if she could read the doubt that formed in Hanne’s mind, Julia made a smile.

“Think it’s odd, do you? It’s different in the city, but in a plateau like this a business like a ‘flower vendor’ can’t possibly be practical—That’s what you’re thinking?”

That was exactly it. Upon arriving at Merrigod Plateau, even on the journey up to entering this town alone, there were flowers blooming all over the place. She couldn’t imagine there’d be anyone who would deliberately take out their money and buy things that were growing near the roadside.

“I personally think the story’s been distorted as it’s been told. Perhaps that Gilbert and Mikulia actually met in some other city. Or…it could be that the occupating ‘flower vendor’, itself, is different. …There’s no way to know the truth nowadays. The important thing is that Mikulia was said to be a woman of unclear origins. No matter the time period there are plenty of fools who would heap slander on a woman like that, however beautiful and kind she was.”

“You’re saying the rumors of Mikulia murdering her husband arose for this reason?”

“There was that too, yes, but…It seems that at the time, there were others who arrived from somewhere else other than Mikulia, and two among them ended up going missing. One arrived from Asmodean, a man who was going around spreading rumors that Mikulia was a ‘loose woman’. The other one was a boy, who apparently claimed to be Mikulia’s son. The both of them disappeared shortly after arriving in town.”

If they were dead, under the circumstances it was probably inevitable people would grow suspicious of Mikulia.

“Time passed after Mikulia’s death, and at her mansion—it was the dwelling of the lord back then, but now it’s been completely torn down—two white skeletons were discovered in the bottom of a well. Their identities were unknown, and so people among the populace of those days started to spread rumors that Mikulia killed them and hid them in the well. Taking that into account, Gilbert’s death must really be Mikulia’s fault as well…The story spreads in that way, and so—now it remains in this land as the legend of ‘The Flower of the Plateau’.”

“The wife of a lord beloved by the people being in reality a cutthroat murderer…So that’s it.”

“Of course, this is no more than anything from simple gossip, until we get some kind of proof from back then; it’s said that nothing’s come forth. It’s simply that, now and back then…as long as there isn’t a war going on, this is little more than a rural town that’s quite peaceful, or in another sense dreadfully boring, and so this type of dubious, stimulating story is well favored here.” Julia let out a sigh as though somewhat disgusted.

Supposing Mikulia really committed those murders…how the heck was a frail woman possibly able to do such a thing as drive two men and a child to death?

…Digging into folklore that way was itself a bit boorish, she supposed.

But, well, asking about that too is part of my coverage, isn’t it?

Hanne broached her question to Julia. She hadn’t been expecting a clear answer on that, but surprisingly enough it seemed she had an idea on that.

“These Greeonion Plateau Roses, you see…” Julia picked up the vase that the flowers were in again and displayed it. “They’re pretty flowers, but in truth their roots are a potent drug. In the past, people called ‘shamans’ would make a medicine by mashing up and mixing the roots with several of the flowers. A medicine that causes you to sleep well—“

After a short pause, Julia continued speaking.

“Apparently, among these shamans it was called ‘Gift’.”

“…’Gift’ as in ‘present’, right? You said ‘in the past’ just now, so is it not made anymore?”

“There is the fact that those shamans are no longer around… and as for the Gift, it seems that there were times when it was too effective.”

“What do you mean?”

“You become able to sleep well if you drink Gift…However, supposedly there are cases where that sleep was too deep. If you mess up the dosage—you fall into a deep, deep sleep…an eternal sleep so deep you never wake up again.”

“…Then, rather than a medicine it’s just poison, right?”

“Yes, it’s a poison. These beautiful flowers are toxic. Maybe Mikulia too was a ‘beautiful, toxin bearing flower’, yes? Assuming she herself was a shaman, or she had that kind of shaman as an acquaintance—then I think there is a chance that she served the Gift to those intruders and her husband. Anyway, there’s no one now who can make use of these flowers as medicine. But they make good decorations, don’t they?”

What they’d spoken of, in the end, wasn’t much more than conjecture on Julia’s part.

Still, the plot made sense. If it was as she said, and the flowers used as raw materials in ‘Gift’ were on this plateau, it should be possible to find some.

But she had one more question.

“But did Mikulia have a motive to kill her husband in the first place?”

“That I don’t know. Well, again, this story itself isn’t much more than ‘gossip’—Beyond that there’s nothing other than various guesses. So what sort of fairy tale exactly did Yukina Freezis make this story out to be, do you think? I’m personally very interested in that, ho ho.”

In essence, regardless of whether Mikulia committed murder or not, by now the truth was already in the darkness.

…Well, I guess that’s that.

For now at least she would be able to write the article with this. Deciding to be heading home before long, Hanne stood up.

“Thank you very much for the valuable story. When I complete my article, I’ll send it your way, too.”

“Oh, you’re set already? …Ah, that’s right.” Julia clapped her hands as though she’d remembered something, briefly looking to the ceiling. “How about you drop by the library while you’re here.”

“The library?”

“Yes. It was built back when the governed by the royal family, it’s still remaining today. If you go there you might find some more detailed documents to use, and there’s a portrait of Gilbert and Mikulia hanging up in there.”

“A portrait?”

“It seems the prime minister of the time, Gumina Glassred, painted it when she was visiting the area.”

“Well, isn’t that very interesting? I think I’ll see about taking you up on that offer.”

She knew the basics about “The Flower of the Plateau” from Julia’s story. For her coverage, even just that would probably be sufficient.

But that didn’t mean that there wasn’t anything left Hanne was personally curious about.

–That is, she was wondering what the ‘coincidence’ was that Yukina had discovered in this land.

Hanne had a guess about that, and she imagined that her beliefs would change upon seeing that portrait supposedly hanging up in the library.
