The Truth is Revealed, Transcending Time—The Unknown Legend, “The Flower of the Plateau”

Yukina Freezis was a major writer of fairytales whose works continue to be beloved by people all over the world even now, decades after her death. There’s likely not one among her fans wouldn’t get the reference when hearing the title “The Flower of the Plateau”. Indeed, while the writing is confirmed by the notes she left behind, the genuine article is a “phantom work” that has yet to be discovered.

In order to investigate into its roots, this humble reporter visited the place that’s said to be where Yukina obtained the original story; Calgaround of Merrigod Pleateau. Calgaround was a town bearing the strange sight of having all of their buildings painted red. According to Madame Julia Abelard, the mayor there, it’s one of their traditions.

[…]

To summarize the mayor’s story it seems that the legend of “The Flower of the Plateau”, as written in Yukina’s notes, is undoubtedly modeled off of the wife of the town’s former lord, Count Gilbert Calgaround. There were various improper rumors associated with her—Visiting Calgaround at the time, Yukina sensed a story in them, and decided to collect them into a book. Similar to the other Freezis Fairytales using historical fact as material, such as “The Daughter of Evil” depicting Riliane Lucifen d’Autriche, the Lucifenian royal princess executed by the Lucifenian Revolution in Evillious’ year 500 (published by Freezis), or “The Duke and Four Women”, using material from the Venomania Event in year 136.

In the end, what kind of story about “The Flower of the Plateau” did Yukina write? The discovery of this missing work is eagerly anticipated.

[the rest is omitted]

.

Follow Up on the Attack on the Assistant Mayor of Aceid—Is the Criminal Organization “Pere Noel” Involved?

On August 30th the head of the Elphegort division of the World Police, Sir Thomas Ackerman, announced that he had received a letter of confession addressed to him from the criminal organization Pere Noel’s leader, alias “First, Santa Claus”, relating to the attack on the assistant mayor that occurred last August 15th in the capital city Aceid.

[…]

The injured assistant mayor Sir Banner’s condition has improved, and he is expected to make a full recovery.

.

A Super Star Has Come!!—Diva Rin Chan Arrives in Aceid

The singer who boasts immense popularity in the Republic of Lucifenia, Rin Chan, arrived in Aceid on September 1st for her concert scheduled to be performed September 10th.

The World Police has announced an increase in security until the day of the concert due to the southern district’s descent into chaos from all the fans who’ve gathered to get a glimpse of Rin Chan–

[the rest is omitted]
