♦Allen ~Lucifenia Kingdom's "Forest of Bewilderment"~

Here in the Kingdom of Lucifenia, commonly known as the “Yellow Kingdom”, a vast forest covers the northern region.

It is called the Forest of Bewilderment: a densely forested place with no roads worthy of that name; for anyone but the local woodcutters, it is
tantamount to suicide to enter it carelessly.

The Forest of Bewilderment continues into the neighboring country of Elphegort, taking the name of the Thousand-Year Tree's Forest; the
capital city of Elphegort, Aceid, isn’t far from its limits. But in reality, when going from Lucifenia to Elphegort, the usual route is to follow the
main road that takes a big detour towards the east. To purposely try to pass through the Forest of Bewilderment, one would need to be in a
great rush, or just ignorant.

Originally, Lucifenia was just one of the small countries grouped together in the region of Evillious; in one generation, it was expanded into the
great kingdom of that time through a policy of military expansionism. The one responsible for the change was its founding monarch, Alth;
apparently, he hadn’t attacked the weak nation of Elphegort since this forest presented an obstacle towards a big-scale military incursion.

In the middle of such a forest, in the hours when the sun started to set, a group of servants and the royal guards wandered about, in search of
the princess.

As for how we knew that the princess had entered this forest, it was nothing less than a matter of following the tracks of Josephine from the
stables into these woods. But then, to separate Josephine’s hoof-marks from the numerous imprints left in the grounds and follow them was a
feat only someone like Leonhart could accomplish.

The members of the Royal Guard were frantic. It wasn’t surprising. Not only had they lost track of the whereabouts of the princess they were
supposed to protect, she had ventured towards the Forest of Bewilderment. If anything happened to Riliane, simple beheadings would be out of
the question.

In the darkness, the Vice Commander of the Guard loudly berated a newly-appointed soldier.

“Why didn’t you stop Princess Riliane from going outside?!”

“But...it’s Princess Riliane! If I displeased the princess by stopping her...”

“So you didn’t think of coming with the princess as her escort, at the very least? Idiot!”

The new recruit even then he seemed about to cry, or more accurately already half-crying; there probably wasn’t a point to keep censuring him
any further. Although I pitied him somewhat, it wasn’t really the time for that.

The one that really deserve our sympathies was Ney. She was running around without paying any attention to the dirt covering her clothes.
When she arrived into Riliane’s room and its owner wasn’t there, her only thought had been at first:Perhaps she is again by the mirrors?

However, when she noticed the passage dug at some point inside the fireplace, the color had drained from her face.

A secret passage inside the fireplace... For the inhabitants of the palace, who knew nothing of it, it was likely like a bolt from the blue, but to tell
the truth, I knew about the existence of that opening. Once, long time ago, I had passed through that passage, along with a certain someone.

Chartette wasn’t participating in the search, since she had firmly refused to go into the forest. Hardly surprising, I thought at the time. When
Chartette was a small child, after losing her way in these woods, she had been kidnapped by a band of thieves that were using them as their
hideout. Germaine and I had managed somehow to rescue her in that occasion, but she appeared to be traumatized by the experience.

“Don’t stray too far. You’ll get lost.”

Leonhart told me as he walked by my side.
