♦Allen ~ Lucifenian Palace's "Hall of Mirrors"~

The party celebrated in occasion of the fourteenth birthday of the ruler of Lucifenia, Riliane Lucifen d'Autriche, proceeded without delays.

The splendid furnishings placed in the Hall of Mirrors, and the expectant faces of the guests all reflected the might of Lucifenia in the region of
Evillious.

Among the present were the ruler of the Kingdom of Elphegort, the Green Kingdom, Sohni Elphen, as well as the head of the trading guild, the
wealthy merchant Keel Freesis. From the Kingdom of Marlon, the Blue Kingdom, the young ruler Kyle Marlon was in attendance. And so on,
various sovereigns of foreign nations and other people of influence had come to the castle to celebrate the birthday of our young monarch.

They all kneeled before Riliane and offered their congratulations one after the other. The princess’ influence was uncontested, both inside the
Kingdom and outside its borders; it was no exaggeration to say that everything in the world existed for her sake, that a word from her made
everything move.

As for me, the cleaning duty since noon, and the search for Riliane afterwards, weighted down on me, so by the time I finally reached the palace
I was fighting to stay awake, but I had no time to take a rest. Since the search for the princess had involved the handworkers, the preparations
for the ball had fallen behind schedule, so all servants had no choice but put all the energy into their work.

Even with the ball already underway, taking a rest was out of the question. In any case, we had many illustrious foreign visitors gathered under
one roof. Things had to proceed without a hitch.

In a corner, some men that seemed to be aristocrats from another country were engaged in a lighthearted chat.

“This has turned into an age of power for women.”

“And to think that a girl barely fourteen is a ruler of such a strong nation as Lucifenia...”

“Well, of the Three Heroes that contributed to the expansion of this country, aren’t two of the three females?”

“And in the Kingdom of Marlon as well, although officially the ruler is the young king Kyle, the real power is in the hands of the Dowager
Queen Prim, his mother.”

“And even the merchant, Freesis-san, is under the thumb of his wife.”

The aristocrats didn’t even look at me. For them, we servants were not much different from livestock or rocks scattered to the side of the
road. However, when presented with someone that had my same face, they flattered Riliane to no end, anxiously currying her favor.

We were born of the same mother, and yet our place in life is so different. Why?

Riliane and I –the roles we had in life could easily been reversed, if fate had taken a slightly different path.

“Are you tired, Allen?”

Perhaps concerned by my look of exhaustion, Mariam moved closer to speak to me.

“I’m alright, ma’am”

“If you are having a hard time, you should go to the servant’s quarters right now and rest for a while, don’t you think? After this we will have to
clean up and put things in order, there’s a lot to be done, after all.”

Mariam, the head of the maids of the palace, was one of the “Three Heroes” just like Leonhart. Why was a great hero like her showing concern
for a simple servant? Once, I tried to ask Leonhart about her, but he only replied: “In a country there are all types of women, you know? All
types.” I didn’t really learn anything from that.
