I felt relieved. She seemed to be in such a good mood that it was hard to believe that she had escaped the castle, and had been sulking until
shortly before the party.

Probably the sight of all those adults gathering just for her sake and bowing their heads filled her with amusement.

I brought the food into the mirrored hall along with the other servants. By chance, I happened to see Leonhart guarding the entrance. He
looked bored and his eyes wandered from place to place. As I went about my work, I kept thinking back to the things he said to me, when I
was sweeping the gardens. How many people could be saved, by having just this amount of food delivered to the city? After carrying all the
dishes, a sigh had just left my lips when Ney called out to me.

“Allen, we are not done yet! There’s still one more thing, and it’s big!”

What was she talking about? As far as I knew, that was everything…

“Everyone, this is a special treat Princess Riliane has arranged for your entertainment.” The minister’s voice was the sign for Ney, the other
servants and me to bring into the Hall of Mirrors a unique item.

That castle was…It seemed like something straight out of a fairytale…A castle made of sweets.

It was perhaps about my height. The base was made of countless layers of cake. The outer walls were covered with pure white cream, and over
them, the glossy roofs were made of chocolate. And there were so many candies decorating the princess’ gift, it was impossible to count them
all. It was so skillfully made that it didn’t seem like a castle of sweets at all. It made me think that if I were to open its doors, a witch would
beckon me in.

And that witch would smile in the same way Riliane was smiling then.

Thanks to the moving platform it was on, it wasn’t particularly hard to transport the castle of sweets. However…It was hard to believe Riliane
had ordered such a thing to be done. From what I heard later, Riliane was hit with the idea that same morning and had the patissier bake it.

“Ooooooo” The party guests raised their voices in amazement. Apparently the castle of sweets had a sizeable effect towards demonstrating the
might of Lucifenia. Though it wasn’t like that was Riliane’s objective in the first place. It was likely she just wanted to eat something like it; she
just wanted to have some fun. There was nothing more to it.
With the jaw dropping in shock, Leonhart’s face reddened. Looking clearly enraged, he stormed out of the Hall of Mirrors. I went after the
flustered commander.

“Fa… Sir Leonhart, what about guard duty!?”

“I’ll do my rounds outside!”

Inside the Hall of Mirrors, Riliane amused herself cutting the castle of sweets with a fork that was as huge as a trident.

“With absolute power, she builds a world that matches her own wishes perfectly…She certainly is a 'Daughter of Evil', just like a witch”
Leonhart spat out those final words, and left the place.

I just stood there, speechless.

“It’s no wonder that Leonhart would say that, but…” Suddenly Mariam was standing by my side speaking to me. It seems she was close enough
to hear our exchange.

“I was thinking along the same lines. However…”

“He is aware of it too. The decrees of a princess are absolute. But that personality is the issue.”

“Head maid…! Allen…!”
