I’d imagine I don’t have to explain this to you by now, but Onigashima is in the island nation of Jakoku, and is a unique place where a large number of foreigners live.

As the Eto shogunate which governs Enbizaka doesn’t accept foreigners and has adopted a policy of national isolation, it is only through the one exception, this land of Onigashima, that foreign connections and trade are able to take place.

The one who originally created Onigashima, former Izami Magistrate Okuto Gaou, was himself of foreign descent–

Huh? Ah, I see. No need for the history lesson, huh?

Well then, let me get to the crux of the story.

Whatever the case, due to varying circumstances there were a great deal of foreigners and those who were descended from them living in the area of Enbizaka, located at the heart of Onigashima.

Many foreign trading firms stood on the hill of Enbizaka. The largest among them was the Freezis Trading House–Yes, indeed. The trading house that you and your fellows lived in one year before.

The great fire that assailed Enbizaka at the year’s end four years ago…it is recorded that the first of its flames sprang up from right by the Freezis Trading House.

At the time, the owner of the tailor shop, Sudou Kayo, was sixteen years old. She’d born a son with her husband that she’d married in the beginning of the year, and her business of tailoring that she’d inherited from her late mother was finally starting to get on track.

…Yes, they were quite the happy couple.
Kayo had loved her husband, and he loved Kayo.

I knew quite well that the two of them had affection for each other so strong that it was acutely conveyed even to me, who could only watch them from the scissors.

But on that day, her husband had gone out for a bit, and Kayo was in the tailor shop with her son.

She was in the middle of doing her work, despite the fact that night had already fallen.

O-Yuka-san from the hairpin shop two spots over had put in an emergency request.

While keeping an eye on the golden-haired baby peacefully sleeping on the futon–

Yes, that’s right. The baby boy that Kayo birthed had golden hair.

It was a little strange given that Kayo’s hair color was a beautiful black, and her husband’s was purple, but as both of them were descended from foreigners, they had simply figured that one of them had a blond somewhere in their lineage.

After all, there were others living in Onigashima where the children had differently colored hair from their parents.

At any rate, while keeping her baby in sight, Kayo put on her work monocle and had started to diligently repair a small hole that had torn open in a light-purple kimono.

She was in the middle of this when her husband, who had gone out for the evening, suddenly sprinted in, his expression stricken.

“Oi, Kayo. What are you doing?”

“Oh my, darling. You ask me what I’m doing, but as you can clearly see I am working right now.”

“Now’s not the time for that. There’s a fire.”
“…Oh my.”

“The flames coming from the direction of the trading house on the hill are spreading this way. We’ve gotta get out of here, or we’ll burn to death.”

In spite of the fact that Kayo’s husband was originally the son of a famous samurai clan…or rather, because of that, he had been an unmanageable ne’er-do-well from his teens onward. Despite being disinherited over this he somehow wound up being adopted into the Sudou family.

From a young age there were scars all over his body, perhaps due to his playboy nature or perhaps from the quarrels he would get into, and he was so ill-bred that sometimes people who didn’t know him would mistake him for being a criminal type.

One wonders how in the world Kayo could fall for such a man…

Well, regardless, her husband had been tottering around town having a good time that night as well, and so he immediately noticed the fire.

On the other hand, Kayo was a woman with such power of concentration that she hadn’t even noticed that the flames had reached the house next door until she’d been told about it by her husband.

Kayo hurriedly made preparations to flee their house.

She picked up their child, and then appeared to think for a moment on if they could get anything else out of the house. Seeming to conclude that there wasn’t time, she grabbed only her mother’s old sewing scissors that she’d just been using—the eastern and western scissors in which I dwell—and then ran outside with her husband.

“Over here. Run to the other side of the bridge at the bottom of the hill,” her husband said, lifting his left hand and beckoning Kayo along.

There were burn scars on his hands, but they weren’t sustained during this fire.

They were from when he was fifteen and made a move on the wife of a blacksmith, and was subsequently pushed back with a burning-hot iron rod by her enraged husband.

He was a good-for-nothing man, but in his defense, since giving his vows he had always been dedicated to Kayo, and never once done anything unfaithful to her. On that point alone you could call him a reasonable man.

This time as well, he did his best to protect Kayo and his child. He had held Kayo’s body from behind to shield the two of them from the flames, and brought them along down the hill.

He figured that they need only cross Soukyou Bridge at the bottom…In other words, once they had passed the river that flowed under it, they would be safe for the time being.

But Enbizaka was overflowing with other people who had thought the same, and were also heading down there. The road down the hill wasn’t that wide, and they couldn’t push through the crowd very well.

As they did, the fire crept ever closer.

Kayo muttered, looking over to the right, “Darling. O-Yuka-san’s hairpin shop is on fire.”

“Ah, so it is.”

“I wonder if she and her family are alright…”
“The fire’s spread to Gonkichi’s tea shop too. I guess we’ll be going without their delicious manjuu for a while. And your favorite tuna takoyaki too…And yet we’re hardly progressing at all.”

“You could fly over if you grew some wings on your back…Like you’re always saying in your cock-and-bull stories, dear.”

“It’s not cock-and-bull. I really can fly. But I normally hide them.”

“Then now is the time to use them, isn’t it?”

“…No. Whatever happens, I can’t just escape without you two. My wings aren’t strong enough for me to carry you while I’m flying.”

“Right, right—it’s gotten terribly hot. Let’s move ahead quickly.”

Despite the fact that there was danger at their heels, they were having quite the easy-going conversation.

The two of them were always like that.

Perhaps it was because they were so similar in personality that they had fallen for each other.

.

–But of course, it was not practically the kind of situation where they could remain so relaxed.

The homes on fire around them were on the verge of collapse, and it wouldn’t have been out of place for them to fall on the surging crowd.

…And that is exactly what happened.

It was a single moment.
In the span of an instant, the situation completely changed for Kayo and her family.

At the time all I could do was listen to screams and shouts flying about all around me.

Unfortunately, a burning house collapsed right where Kayo and her family were.

“Aagh!”

Shoved forward, Kayo collapsed on the spot, still holding her baby.

A wooden pillar fell on her from above.

It didn’t hit her body directly, but with her legs pinned down by the fallen pillar, Kayo couldn’t move from the spot.

“Aaagh, it burns, it burns!”

Kayo screamed at the sensation of her legs burning, trying to find some way to slip through, but failing.

“Waaaugh, waaaugh!”

The baby she was holding was wailing too.

Kayo looked towards the item that was pinning her legs down.

The pillar was crackling with flame.

It was clear that the fire would soon transfer to Kayo herself.

And further behind it, there was a mountain of rubble from several houses, all on fire.

Kayo seemed to realize that her husband must have been buried under it all.
He had pushed her ahead of him, to protect his wife from the remains of the falling homes.

“Dear! Dear!” Kayo screamed at the burning rubble, but there was no reply.

Even so, she continued to scream for her husband.

But as she did, the flame on Kayo’s legs moved up her kimono.

Eventually, it engulfed her whole body.

“AAAAAGH!”

Kayo again started to scream, a different kind now.

Without pause, the fire had started to burn her legs, her hands, and her face.

Kayo’s face, famed for its beauty, was steadily, hideously scorched.

Whether it was the heat that the fire conveyed to her body, or whether she was thinking of her husband,

Kayo continued to scream for a time, but eventually—

She lost consciousness.

.

I have no arms or legs.

And so there was nothing I could do but to watch what happened.

The moon, shining in the sky.

There was a pillar of fire so high it almost looked like it could reach it.
Even the birds flying in the night air looked like they were being burned.
