It might not have been unusual for Kayo’s life to have ended right there.

However—she did wind up opening her eyes again.

When she did, she apparently couldn’t move her body from pain.

So at first, all she did was gaze curiously at an unfamiliar ceiling.

She didn’t even know that all around her were other burn victims like her, moaning and lying on futons.

.

She was in the town clinic across the bridge at the bottom of the hill.

Kayo had been carried in there after having been discovered collapsed in the charred ruins of the fire.

She had burns all over her entire body.

They were much more severe than the others around her, and while it would have surprised no one if she’d died, Kayo survived.

The one who conveyed this fact to her was a woman in a red kimono who had been tending to the burn victims nearby.

“Thank goodness. You’ve come to.”
Kayo seemed to recognize her face. “…Mei-san.”

Mei was the wife of the dry goods store—the Miroku house, at the bottom of the hill.

…Yes, that’s right.

As you are well aware, she was the first victim of the case that happened afterwards.

The clinic was one managed by her father, a doctor. So in this case she was helping him out with keeping patients under observation.

By all rights, as the wife of a dry goods store, she and Kayo were in competition; but Mei knew how skilled Kayo was, and so occasionally she would go behind her husband’s back to entrust Kayo with jobs that they were unable to manage.

That was how the two of them were acquainted.

“You have terrible burns. It’s a wonder you’re even alive. It’s been awful.”

“Yeah…”

“My home is on the other side of the river, so fortunately it hasn’t been caught up in the fire at all, but my husband’s suffered some light burns. Though they’re nothing compared to yours…Anyway, you should just rest for now,” Mei said, gently smiling at Kayo.

But Kayo didn’t overlook the fact that there was some pity on her face.

“My husband…and…Ren…”

It hurt for Kayo to open her mouth, but even so she managed to ask that of Mei.

Mei made a flustered expression for a moment, but likely resolved that it wasn’t something she could conceal from her.

She mournfully shook her head.

“That house that burned down…the only one who survived being crushed under it…was you.”

“…It can’t be…”

With those words, Kayo understood.

That her husband and son had burned to death in the fire.

Her eyes overflowed with tears, and she began roughly gasping.

Mei earnestly tried to say something comforting, but nothing got through to Kayo.

“Aaah…aaaaaaaah.”

She let out a moan, and then—

.

          “AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAUGH!”

.

Though her throat was burned, and it shouldn’t have been possible for her raise her voice so high…

Kayo continued to scream.

–The great fire had brought great damage to the neighborhood of Enbizaka.

In particular, almost all of the buildings near the top of the hill where the flames had reached had burned down completely.

Naturally…Kayo’s tailor shop included.

The death toll was in the hundreds, and almost all of the victims were those who lived on the hill in Enbizaka like Kayo and the others.

Okuto Gato, the fourteenth head of the Okuto family that was the current magistrate of the Izami domain, had concluded that this great fire that had occurred in his own land was arson, and quickly set out to find the criminal. In the end, however, they were unable to locate who had started the blaze.

.

Having lost her home and the family she loved, Kayo grew deeply depressed.

As time went on her burn wounds gradually healed, but the same could not be said of her heart.

All of those around her could tell that she could never return to her normal, everyday life.

When she’d finally recovered enough to be able to walk, Kayo ended up being left in the custody of the birth family of her late mother.

–Along with the scissors in which I dwelled.

After I’d gotten to that point, Elluka, who had been quietly listening the whole while, suddenly opened her mouth.

“The birth family of her mother, hm…So you mean—” She had some familiarity with that, it seemed. “The Okuto family?”
I confirmed that she was correct.

You’re quite knowledgeable.

“I heard most of that from Anan and Kayo herself. …Apparently she had a pretty complicated familial situation.”

Yes.

“Her mother Kagura was originally the eldest daughter of the magistrate Okuto Gato. When she was sixteen she ran away from home to elope with a man, and thus Kayo was born—that’s what I heard.”

It was as she said.

And I had watched all of it happen.

You know a great deal more than I thought. Maybe there’s no need for me to be going on at length like this to you.

“I wouldn’t say that. My knowing about that is just because it pertains to you—to the scissors.”

…

“At that time, Kagura had in her possession a ‘treasure’ that was passed down in the Okuto family.”

And that treasure was these two scissors…That is what you mean to say, yes?
Elluka straightforwardly nodded.

…Then why were the scissors not confiscated from her when she was in the custody of the Okuto family?

“…Looking to riddle me, are you?” I could immediately tell that Elluka had grown a little displeased. “The answer to that is also the reason why I was unable to reach you—or should I say, your scissors—for many long years.”

And you have realized that answer.

“Yes. And that is why I have come to Jakoku. Here out of my way to this far-off island country.” After saying that, Elluka’s expression grew even more irritated. “But right when I thought I had finally obtained that which I have so earnestly sought, here I am left in the dregs of a smokescreen once more.”

Ha ha ha.

Before I knew it, I was laughing.

It wasn’t that I had let down my guard around Elluka, but just like she said, it truly had been quite some time since I had conversed with another person like this. So perhaps at some point I had started to enjoy myself.

“…Well, that’s alright for now. I think the reason why will become self-evident to me if I listen to your story a little longer.”

After saying that, she laughed boldly.
I couldn’t tell whether that smile on her face was genuine or not.

I have my own question for you.

“What is it?”

You said that you came to this country to obtain the scissors. …So then why didn’t you steal the scissors right away?

As far as I knew, Elluka had come to this country close to a year ago.

“…I had some problems of my own. And my coming to Jakoku wasn’t just with the scissors as the goal. …Even you know that, don’t you?”

Her having another goal…That was clear by looking at Elluka’s appearance now.

But it didn’t serve as an answer to my question.

“Come, please continue Kayo’s story.”

Elluka quickly started to change the subject—perhaps because she didn’t want to touch on this topic much, or because she judged it to be too bothersome to address.

Very well, I can do that, but…The next account is four years after the great fire. In other words—when you came to Enbizaka—

“Basically, I myself am going to feature in your story, hm?”

Yeah. So there’s a lot of points in it that you probably already know.
“I don’t mind. I am a bit curious as to how…other people view me—this being called Elluka Ma Clockworker.”

So that’s how it was…?

Well then, let’s continue.

I once more began my tale.
