She could see upon getting closer that it wasn’t just one automated carriage being attacked.

There were three, from a quick glance. All of them had the Leviantan coat of arms painted large on their side.

One of them had stopped moving, smoke pouring out of it. Men who appeared to be soldiers were leaning out of the other two with guns in hand, firing at the tribesmen.

Eve stopped her own carriage before the carriage that looked broken. Fortunately the clan was engaged with their battle with the soldiers, and so they paid her no notice.

The broken carriage had burn marks here and there on it. Eve got down from her carriage and peered inside the passenger area.

–Suddenly, a blade stabbed out from inside. Eve rapidly dodged, but the tip of the sword grazed her long hair a little.

“…Are you not one of the tribesmen?”

A blue-haired man wielding a sword fixed Eve with a sharp gaze. But judging by his outfit, as he wasn’t wearing any armor, it appeared he wasn’t a soldier.

He was pale, his eyes the same color as his hair. He was also a young man, about Eve’s age.
“I’m—I’m from the village nearby. I saw your carriage was being attacked and I came to help…”

Appearing to believe Eve’s words, the man lowered his sword and opened the door to the carriage.

“—There’s another man inside. He’s injured. Sorry, but please let him ride in your carriage.”

When the man got down from his carriage, she could see that there was indeed a bespectacled man sitting in the interior who was bleeding from his head.

But it didn’t look to be a serious wound. He could stand under his own power, and he was able to get down from the carriage with the blue-haired man supporting him.

“My my, this is quite the tiny carriage,” the man with glasses said insultingly, staggering over into Eve’s carriage. “Though, it looks faster than this broken-down tortoise.”

Next the blue-haired man and Eve climbed into the carriage.

“What is your name, Miss?” the blue-haired man asked.

“It’s Eve. Eve Zvezda.”

Upon hearing that he looked surprised for a moment, but then quickly regained his composure. “I see…I am Adam Solntse, a scientist of the Royal Research Institute. Anyway, get out us out of here.”

“But…what about those soldiers? You’re going to leave them?”

“It doesn’t matter. This is their job. We wouldn’t be much help to them in any case.”
The man in glasses chuckled, a hand on his forehead. “Well, Gammon and the others ought to be alright. They’re not the sort those savages can take down that easily.”

“Don’t talk too much, Seth. You’ll exacerbate your injury.”

“Yes yes, I know.”

They didn’t have time to hesitate over it. She could see a number of the white army who seemed to have noticed her carriage heading their way.

Eve used her magic and turned the carriage west.

They were too close to the excavation site, and there was a risk of the Mogera getting caught up in the battle.

It would probably be best to go to Nemu, which was a little more removed.

“Let’s go!”

As Eve shouted, the carriage vigorously picked up speed.
