Before they arrived at the village, Adam asked only once, “So you…were the ‘Witch of the Forest’ after all?”

After Eve replied shortly that she was, he didn’t ask anything further.

Naturally, he likely wasn’t going to just let that slide. This simply wasn’t the place for him to pry deeper on that…She was sure that’s all it was.

In actuality, Eve wasn’t that afraid of having her true identity outed at this point. Adam and the others had said that they didn’t intend to harm the “Witch of the Forest”, and over the last several days she had become certain that they were people deserving of her trust.

Rather, if it truly meant that she could become queen, she was deeply honored by it. Only…that was assuming she could get permission from her adoptive father. Eve hadn’t wanted to reveal her identity if it meant going against his wishes, should he not want her to.

But she couldn’t help being found out now. As for how she’d persuade her adoptive father later…That might have been something Adam needed to do, as well as Eve’s role.

Whatever the case, first they needed to make sure that he was alright.

–As they left the forest and saw the buildings of Nemu village, she was forced to conclude that the situation was much more grave than she’d thought.

Houses all over were on fire. Surrounding them all were not villagers, but unfamiliar men clad in red costumes.

“Those…aren’t soldiers of the white army.” Adam paled. “They’re red devotees…The henchmen of the ‘Witch of Merrigod’.”

Eve remembered that name.

As she recalled, Seth had said it the first time he and Adam had come to the village.

“Is she also an ‘Ma’ candidate?”
Adam nodded at Eve’s question. “It would be more accurate to say she was. She certainly has powerful magical ability, but more than that…She’s far too cruel. The institute and the senate ultimately concluded that she would be unsuited to being queen.”

The moment they stopped the carriage just inside the villager’s entrance, they were surrounded by the “red devotees”.

Eve quickly got down from the carriage, spoon ready in hand instead of a staff.

“Where are the people of the village!?”

The men made no move to reply, simply gazing upon Eve with vacant expressions.

“…If you won’t tell me…”

Eve started to put magic into the spoon. These people unsettled her, but she was so agitated that she couldn’t bring herself to care about that.

She didn’t want to just kill people recklessly…But at the very least it was clear that they were threatening the village.

At that moment, the group of men split in two.

Walking between them up to the front, wearing clothing just as red as theirs—was a woman.

“Oh my…You got back a lot sooner than I expected,” she uttered, her posture calm.

She had an adult air about her, but in age she seemed to be somewhat younger than Eve.

“I guess those white army troops weren’t up to snuff…They might be ‘Salem Inheritors’ but I guess they’re just robbers after all.”

Maybe she was the leader of this red-dyed group…This “Witch of Merrigod”.
“Are you an ally of those robbers?”

Eve glared at the Witch of Merrigod.

“Me? You mean did I come to plunder this village? This smelly pauper village? Ha ha, that’s funny.”

“Then why are you…”

“There’s a lot of reasons. Starting from the least important—” The Witch of Merrigod looked over at Adam, still sitting in the carriage. “—This is payback on the Institute for making a fool of me.”

Adam replied to that, his expression twisting, “Payback? We were the ones who got off worse back then.”

“You eggheads shouldn’t have come up to Merrigod Plateau so casually.”

“Oh yes. We’re all regretting that…The others from where they are in the afterlife.”

Though Adam displayed an outspoken hostility towards her, he made no move to get down from the carriage.

It was clear…Adam was afraid of her.

But Eve wasn’t.

They called her the Witch of Merrigod. She must have strong magic too.

But that didn’t mean she had any intention of just backing down.

I must protect the village…Protect everyone…
Yes, she couldn’t see any of the villagers anywhere, including the village chief.

Their homes continued to burn, but there were no corpses of the people who lived in them lying around.

The only possibilities that she could think of…Maybe they all ran off before Eve and Adam arrived…Or else they were being held prisoner somewhere.

“Where is everyone?”

This time Eve posed her question from earlier to the Witch of Merrigod.

“Are you worried about your father and the others? Ha ha…Then go see for yourself.”

The Witch of Merrigod pointed further into the village—in the direction of the village chief’s house.

Eve couldn’t help but feel anxious at that.

She was letting her see the other villagers quite easily. Which must mean—

Adam finally got down from the carriage, and stood by Eve.

“…Let’s go together.”

His expression was stiff. He too must have thought up the worst case scenario.

After sharing a nod, the both of them started to sprint in the direction of the village chief’s house.

The Witch of Merrigod and her devotees showed no sign that they intended to stop them.

She just continued to smirk.

.
–The fate that had befallen Raiou Zvezda, village chief of Nemu.

It became clear the moment that they arrived before the house.

“This can’t…”

Eve was at a loss for words.

Her kindhearted adoptive father had been crucified on a large cross that had been erected in the garden.

There was no light in his eyes, and his exposed, naked body was covered in wounds.

Anyone could tell that he was already dead.

And standing around that cross—were the men of the village.

They didn’t look to be restrained or anything like that.

But just like the “Red Devotees”, they wore vacant expressions, and, without giving any indication that they were going to let the village chief down from that cross, they just…stood there.

Adam stopped Eve as she tried to walk closer to them.

“Don’t. They’re not themselves.”

“How!? I don’t understand!” Tears flowed from Eve’s eyes. “My father was the most powerful sorcerer in the village! He wouldn’t lose to anyone…The white army never attacked because they were afraid of him! So how could they…so easily…”

“…This’ll be hard to say, but…” Adam hesitated for a moment, but then he continued, marshalling his strength, “It probably…wasn’t the Witch of Merrigod and her henchmen who attacked the village chief directly.”

“…!?”

“It was those villagers standing around him. The village chief likely hadn’t been able to bring himself to use his magic on people that he knew.”

“That can’t…That’s impossible! No one would ever hurt my father—”

“That is the power that the Witch of Merrigod—that Meta Salmhofer has. She…can change members of the opposite sex into her puppets using the power of an ‘Inheritor of Gilles’.”

“…”

“One of Meta’s aims must have been the village chief’s life…Though I don’t know why.”

“…That woman…Because of her, my father…”

“Whatever happened, we should get out of the village for now.”

But Eve shook her head, crying. “No! That woman…I won’t forgive her.”

She tightly gripped the spoon in her hand.

“Eve…You must realize that if you were to fight against Meta—The villagers that she’s controlling would come to stop you.”

“…”

“Would you…be willing to shoot lightning at your friends?”
“…”

She could never.

Adam gently embraced Eve’s shoulders.

“First we should reconvene with Gammon. Then we’ll figure out what to—”

–Boom!

An explosion suddenly rang out from the entrance to the village.

“…What!?”

In response to Eve’s confusion, Adam seemed to immediately guess what the source of the noise was.

“That’s—the sound of the heavy artillery of the larger model carriages. It’s the reinforcements from the capital!”

–Adam’s prediction had been correct.

The main unit of the peacekeeping force that had been dispatched from the capital for combat against the white army had arrived at Nemu village with impeccable timing.

Their main aim had been to rendezvous with Gammon, who had been in the village, but as they happened to come across the area being attacked by the red devotees, they simply switched their purpose to suppressing them, instead.

The result—Either because they concluded they were hopelessly outnumbered, or because they had already achieved their goal, the Witch of Merrigod and her cohorts quickly fled.

But as this also resulted in the village men who were the primary residents of this place being driven off as well, the only ones left in the village of Nemu were Adam and Eve.

After the village had been secured, the army put out the fires on its homes.

And then, inside a small cattle pen in the deepest part of the village…they discovered the corpses of all the village’s women.

.

At Adam’s invitation, Eve ended up riding along to the Twelve Royal Capitals on one of the heavy military carriages.

She had no reason to refuse.

She had already lost any place she could return to.
