“A queen test?” Eve asked her companion as they walked along the main street of Asmouse.

“Yes. Though, even if it’s called a test you don’t need to do any real preparation. It’s chiefly just a formality where you meet face to face with the present queen and she accepts you as her successor,” Adam cheerfully replied.

Eve followed that up with a question of what it specifically entailed, but it seemed that Adam didn’t know.

“Only the queen herself knows. Not even the head of the senate is allowed to stand in.”

According to Adam, in this country having strong magical power alone meant that someone was closely related to the gods.
“When the country was first founded, the position of queen was hereditary. But…the fifth queen was unable to bear children.”

“Wow…So what happened?”

“She proposed the doctrine that ‘all who live in this land are the children of god’, and magical power became the proof of the gods’ favor.”

“So then people who don’t have magical ability—”

“It would make them people who are not loved by the gods. They aren’t persecuted for it or anything, but it’s hard for them to get ahead in life in the capital. Anyway, along with that declaration she did away with the hereditary system. She changed the law so that people with strong magic can ascend to the throne.”

Up until now Eve had had no idea that magic carried such meaning.

“Is this general knowledge?”

“I dunno. It’s something I learned after I was adopted by my late father—and started studying at the royal capital.”

“Oh yeah, ‘course. I’m just an ignorant country gal,” Eve pouted.

There had been no school in the village where she’d been raised, and she’d never needed to get an education.

How to till a field, how to spot which plants were poisonous, and magic to defend herself…that was what Eve had been taught.

“Come now, don’t sulk so. You should do some studying now. History, this country—I can be your teacher if you like.”
“True…I’d much prefer you teach me to someone I don’t know.”

Eve drew closer to Adam.

Having lost her father and come to an unfamiliar capital, he was the only one she could rely on.

Unlike the tranquil village of Nemu, this town was full of buildings.

Adam stopped before one of them, a structure with red walls.

“Here we go,” he said.

Eve entered the building after Adam as he opened the door.

It appeared this place was a dining ware shop. Ceramics of various colors and sizes were lined up on the shelves.

“You’ll be living at the institute for a little while. You ought to buy some of your own dining ware.”

Encouraged by Adam, Eve went around, looking at the dining utensils in the building.

Eventually her eyes settled on a red item standing out in the center of a shelf.

“This is strange…On a closer look it appears to be translucent—”

A middle-aged man who appeared to be the owner walked up to Eve with a smile on his face.

“That’s a ‘glass’, young miss.”

“A glass…?”

“It’s created through heating up sand. It can only be made with an artifact here in Asmouse, and hardly anyone has seen it outside of the Twelve Royal Capitals. Colored glass is especially valuable.”

“But then…that makes it expensive, right?”

“Well, that is true—”

And there the owner glanced at Adam, who was looking at the other dishes.

It seemed that Adam was a regular customer of the shop. Noticing what was going on between them, he walked over and started sociably talking to the owner.

“Sounds like your friend here is interested in this glass, Mr. Adam.”

“Oh my, a red glass? How unusual. But…” Adam turned to Eve. “Do you drink wine?”

“Huh? Oh, no. My father would drink it, and would make it too, but I hardly did.”

“Then you won’t be needing this, I’d think. This is for wine.”

“Erm…” Eve thought for a moment, and then replied, “Then I’ll drink coffee with it.”

“Ha ha…I suppose that’s alright. Very well, give us this one, my good man.”

After that Eve selected a few other pieces of dishware that she liked, and Adam bought them from the shop owner for her.

Eve was penniless, having left her village with naught but the clothes on her back. She had no choice but to rely on Adam for money to live on, but as the head of the Royal Research Institute he was apparently sufficiently wealthy, and didn’t bat an eye at paying such expenses.

“Once you become queen you’ll never want for money again.”

He went on to say with a smile that she could return the money to him later.

That is to say, to pay him back when she made it big.

“But if I can’t become queen—”

“You will,” Adam declared confidently, interrupting Eve. “You’re the right person to become queen. Not just because of your magic. I just…have a feeling.”

“Not much time has passed since we met each other.”

“But somehow it feels as though I already know you.”

It sounded like a frivolous line.

And yet Eve said nothing to repudiate his words.

She too felt the same as Adam.

Ever since…the first time I met him.

And those feelings had only gotten stronger since coming to this town together.
