Before even a month had passed from then, Eve and Adam came to love each other.

It wasn’t because their experiences together had included some particularly dramatic events, and it wasn’t even out of some complicated interplay between them as man and woman.

It was just a common occurrence of a man and woman of similar ages living together.

Particularly as, in the close to twenty years that Eve had lived, she’d never gotten involved with a man as subtle and intellectual as Adam. The men of the village and the Mogera excavators had all been rustic and too old for her.

This was Eve’s first love. And while she was completely beside herself at her feelings because of it, at the same time she also came to worry about her situation.

She was a candidate for queen. One of the conditions to become queen was to stay a virgin.

So no matter how much they might have loved each other, Adam never slept with Eve.

An even bigger problem than that—

If she should become queen.

There was a question of whether or not their relationship could continue afterwards.

“It’ll be alright,” Adam said to Eve as he held her. “It might be tricky to get married publicly. But…I’ll always be by your side. We’ll make me the queen’s close aide.”

“Would we be able to do that? And I thought the only one who could meet with the queen was the senate head—"

“That’s a rule made up by the current head of the senate. Just change the law.”
“Once I become queen, the next head of the senate would be Senator Vaju, right? Would he go along with it?”

“For him, well…” Adam hesitated for a moment, and then declared, “I have an idea. If my plan goes well…It’ll be Gammon, not Senator Vaju, who’s promoted to senate head.”

“The leader of the peacekeeping forces?”

“I’m sure he’ll cooperate with us. He’ll be able to smoothly proceed with suppressing Apocalypse, too.”

Eve didn’t understand the complicated parts.

But she’d be alright as long as she left it up to Adam.

What Eve needed to do—

Was first, more than anything, to be selected as queen.

“Would you like some coffee?”

Adam pulled away from her and left the room for a moment.

When he returned, she took the red wineglass full of hot coffee from his hand.

Just like her feelings for Adam, Eve had become enamored with this brown liquid.

Whenever she drank coffee it was like all doubt and anxiety vanished from her mind.

“When everything’s over with, let’s have a marriage ceremony in secret.”

Adam smiled at Eve as she drank the coffee, and said, “That’ll be difficult to do in the royal capital, so it’ll have to be somewhere far away—”
“The Forest of Held would be good,” Eve suggested, and Adam’s brows raised.

“…It’s a quiet place. We wouldn’t be in the view of the public. But…I wonder. The white army hasn’t been making much noise since back then, but we can’t know for sure they’ve been crushed. Their leader Raisa is still missing, after all…”

“That’s why I said—‘when everything’s over with’.” Eve winked at Adam.

“I see…Our getting married in the forest will be, in other words—”

“—After the ‘evil’ has vanished from the country,” she whispered, determination in her voice.
