After about one week had passed, Eve was called to Alicegrad castle.

“You must be Eve.”

In a room called the round hall.

The only people inside it were Eve and a solemn old man standing before her.

“And you are—”

“I am the head of the senate, Miroku Loop Octopus. I’m sure Adam has already told you, but…After this you will be meeting directly with the queen.”

“He said it was a test…”

“Indeed. To become queen—”

At that moment, a door further in opened, and a woman clad in a thin white dress appeared alongside a short, middle-aged man.

“Um…Are you Her Majesty the queen?” Eve asked the woman without thinking.

She replied, a derisive smile on her face, “Yeah. Or to be more specific, I’m the one who’s going to become queen.”

“…? Then…”

Seeing that Eve appeared unable to grasp the situation, Miroku put a hand to his jaw in discomfort and sighed.

“Hah…This is Zellana Chirclatia. She’s a priestess from Lighwatch Temple—And another candidate for queen such as yourself.”

“Huh!?”

When Eve shouted out in surprise, the man beside Zellana sneered at her with mocking eyes.

“My my. Did you really think you were the only candidate for queen?”

“…”

“You might be the bearer of suitable magical power, but on first blush you’re quite a dull-witted young girl. I can’t imagine someone like you can hear the ‘voice of the gods’.”

Miroku once more heaved a sigh.

“Senator Asayev…Leave it at that. You’ll be the one to lose out if she’s selected as queen.”

“There’s no chance of that happening! The one who’ll become queen…is Zellana right here!”

“The ones who’ll decide that are Queen Alice and the dragon god LeviaBehemo…Well, perhaps that’s incomprehensible to an insolent cur who would abandon the ‘Temple of LeviaBehemo’ here in Alicegrad to build a new temple somewhere else.”

“Times change, Senator Miroku. And with it, we must make things new again. Buildings, and senate heads too!”

While listening to the two of them quibble, Eve thought about where she had heard the name “Asayev” before.

Asayev…Asayev…Ah, that’s right!

And then she spoke up to him, in his state of agitation.

“Are you Yegor Asayev? I heard you know about ‘Inheritors’—”

“Huh? That’s my little brother. But he’s suddenly up and quit his post as head of the temple and vanished! I am Fugen Asayev. One of the members of the senate, and its future head!”

“Oh…I see. My apologies,” Eve demurely replied, bowing her head. “So, this ‘voice of the gods’ would be—”

“You don’t even know that much!? The most important thing to become queen is whether or not one can hear the ‘voice of the gods’. Having powerful magic just makes it more likely!”

“Oh, right, right. So then this test is Her Majesty verifying that—”

“I don’t know that much! Well, maybe it is!”

Zellana stood next to Fugen with a sullen air as he responded to Eve in angry yells, but soon she started to walk over and stand before her.

“You’re the ‘Witch of the Forest’, aren’t you. Your name is—?”

“Yeah…Uh, right. I’m Eve Zvezda.”

“The Forest of Held…People say that a wicked god lives there. Would it really be appropriate for a witch who comes from such a place to take the throne?”

A god living in the Forest of Held—Eve certainly had heard that legend before, from several people.

The people of the forest would say it was a protective deity, while the people of Nemu village called it an evil one.

Eve didn’t know which one was correct.

The Forest of Held was vast, and its trees reached into neighboring countries.

The people of Levianta were forbidden from crossing the border. So Eve had never set foot in the forests’ southern region, and she had never laid eyes upon the supposed enormous tree that the god lived in there.

“I have no connection to this ‘god of the forest’,” Eve argued flatly.

“Hmph, maybe. Even if you did…We Lighwatch priestesses are given training to hear the ‘voice of the gods’ from a very young age. And what’s more, we’re able to reform people by erasing the wickedness from their hearts.”
“Wow…I didn’t know any of that, but you priestesses sound amazing.”

When she said that, Zellana snorted proudly. “You think so? To change a person’s heart…I imagine such a feat is beyond you, yes?”

For a moment, Eve turned her head to the side.

But then she quickly thought better of herself.

No. I’ve already decided that I wouldn’t tell anyone about that power.

Eve had a secret power she hadn’t even informed Adam about.

It was just, she knew…that it was a power that would inspire fear in others much greater than that of her lightning spell.

So she had never told anyone about it, and she’d resolved to never use it without cause.

Eve forced a smile, and replied to Zellana, “Heehee, that’s right…But I still won’t lose.”

Miroku cleared his throat beside her. “…Just so neither of you misunderstand. This is a sacred ritual, and it is a vital test to determine this country’s future. It’s not some frivolous contest.”

“…Right. I humbly ask your forgiveness.” Zellana bowed her head to Miroku, quietly pulling back.

Eve wordlessly gave a light inclination of her head in imitation of her.
