Eve wound up facing the queen first.

She would need to head for the place where the queen lived alone—the “LeviaBehemo Temple”, and meet with her there.

As for what was after that…no one knew.

The temple was located in the heart of Alicegrad. Once Eve had passed through the enormous door in the “First Wall”, where normally anyone outside of the senate head was forbidden to go, there was a small field of flowers.

“How pretty…” Eve whispered without thinking.

There was no ceiling to it, only a blue sky.

It was like a courtyard in the center of the castle.

And it appeared that all the flowers of various color were well tended to.

Since only the head of the senate was allowed through, perhaps he was the one to raise them?

That, or the queen herself—

While thinking on this, Eve walked through the field of flowers to the white building at its center.

Her honest impression was that it was much smaller than she expected. It was no bigger than one of the houses in the village of Nemu where she’d been raised.

Eve had faintly hoped that if she became queen she might live somewhere much more luxurious than she was used to, and so it was with some mild disappointment that she slowly opened the door to the temple.

There was nothing there—or so it looked at first.

It had seemed as though it were a wide, dim space surrounded by four white walls.

There were no glamorous furnishings, nor lights. Nor were there any obedient servants…Though well, that was only natural. Only the head of the senate went in here, after all.

She would have to find the queen—and with that in mind, she pressed toward the interior of the space.

“Ouch!?”

And immediately felt something impact across her forehead.

Stopping in her tracks, Eve quickly looked around her, but couldn’t catch sight of anything that would have hit her head.

She slowly put her hand out in front of her.

–She couldn’t see it, but there was something there.

After touching it for a moment, she realized that this was a see-through glass wall.

Glass…I thought it was supposed to be valuable.

Though perhaps it was a special right for the queen to be able to use such a thing as the material for a wall in a room.

Eventually, realizing that what she had thought was empty space was in fact an invisible maze made of glass, Eve timidly progressed through it, relying on the sensation of her palm pressing against the surface of the glass.

Is this maze the test? …That can’t be it.
The room was dark, and the walls were made of glass. There was nothing for her to use as a landmark. The door she’d come in through closed, as though blown shut by the wind.

Eve grew anxious as she slowly lost her sense of direction, but even so she somehow managed to search for the queen with all her focus.

“Your Majesty, where are you–!?” She cried out suddenly, but there was no reply.

However—eventually, Eve was able to catch sight of a human silhouette deeper in the room.

“Is that…you, Your Majesty?” She asked the silhouette, but again it didn’t respond.

Creeping along the glass wall, she moved to get closer to it.

But Eve was starting to suffocate.

It was as though the further into the room she got, the thinner the air became.

“…Hah…Hah…”

The queen was wearing a pure white dress, and she sat in a chair with wheels on it.

Her awareness hazy, Eve finally arrived at the presence of the queen.

But that was as far as she got.

She collapsed on the spot before she could see the queen’s face, and then lost consciousness–
