The one who became queen needed to maintain their purity.

–So then, how is it that they gave birth to the ‘Twins of God’?

It is because they had the methods to solve that contradiction that the Royal Research Institute was the institution with the highest chances of succeeding in Project “Ma”.

Adam gently whispered to Eve as she lay atop a hard bed, “You have nothing to be afraid of.”

Eve knew that she could not entirely trust in his words.

He was smart, and though a bit touchy he was also caring…And sometimes he lied.

In the end, Eve had decided not to press him any further on whether or not he’d truly known nothing of the queen test.

I just want to believe him.

That he would never send me to that test knowing that it would be dangerous.

Maybe I’m afraid that if those feelings went away it might result in the end of our relationship.

I’m a foolish woman.
Even so, I will continue to believe.

And I vow in my heart that I will continue to love him.

–Adam kissed Eve.

“Eve. After this you will become…the mother of the gods.”

“…Yes.”

“…The Leviantan Temple. Inside that place, where you received the test, lies an enormous artifact.”

Still lying down, Eve shook her head. “The only thing in there were glass walls. And the queen, alone.”

“The ‘Hall of Glass’ is just one part of the temple…There is also an enormous space underneath it.”

Eve didn’t ask him how he could know about this.

“I see…What’s in there?”

“The dark legacy…an enormous white fountain-pen shaped item called the ‘Sin’. Inside…rests the dragon god LeviaBehemo.”

“The resting place of the gods…Why is it called the dark legacy?”

“The gods’ power is great. It could save the world—or conversely, destroy it. The gods are trying to be reborn into this world in order to keep their own power from running wild. The method for doing that was conveyed to us through the queen, their prophet.”

“Then…What we’re doing now is in accordance with this ‘voice of the gods’?”
“Indeed. And the gods know that the Royal Research Institute is the only place that has the means to bring it to fruition. That’s why the senate head has entrusted us with Project ‘Ma’.”

“And the only people who know this are—”

“The members of the senate, myself and Seth as researchers here, and Gammon, our bodyguard.”

Adam took out a cylindrical device with a needle attached to it and held it in his hand.

A faintly cloudy liquid was inside the glass cylinder.

“This ‘Seed of God’ was extracted from ‘Sin’…It’s part of the gods’ body. Once we inject this into you, you will become pregnant with the ‘Twins of God’.”

“…”

“Are you nervous?”

“Yeah…But I’m excited, too.”

“Yes, if all goes well you will become queen.”

“No, that’s not why.”

“…?”

“You see, I…saw…inside the ‘voice of the gods’. The twins that I’ll be giving birth to.” Eve smiled. “They’re adorable…I’m really excited to see the day where I can meet with them—with my children.”

“Ha ha, you’re not even pregnant yet but you already look like a mother.”
“You think so?”

Adam smiled back at her.

Gradually taken over by drowsiness as she gazed upon his face, Eve slowly closed her eyes.

“Is the medicine kicking in? Then let’s begin shortly…Sleep for a little while. When you next awaken—it’ll all be over.”

“…”

“…Rest easy, my sleeping beauty.”

There Eve’s consciousness cut off—

.

When everything’s over with, let’s have a marriage ceremony.

In our favorite, Held’s forest.
