“Yes?”

“I have to tell you something that will please you.”

“What is it?”

As I was about to speak, in panic, Clarith lifted her head and hit the cupboard I don’t know if that was
painful, but she crouched down, holding her head.

“Are you okay?”

“Ahh… Ouch!... But I’m just fine. What did you want to say?”

Clarith’s mother was surprised as Clarith said that with a tearful look but she didn’t particularly looked
worried. It must be already be normal for them.

I strived to tell this to Clarith:

“I can pay rent, so can you let me stay here for a while?”

✿ Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Yatski Village” ~

My eyes were set on a broad field full of fruit crops. The people in this village probably use them as their
own food or they sell them to the people of Aceid. Other fruits and grains are being made into wine and
bread.

When I first saw these artificially planted crops, rather than harvesting naturally growing ones, I was
amazed on how humans have lots of means to earn money and live differently.

Due to over population, people have to grow their own crops or raise some poultry. The results gave
them a steady source of food even when their numbers is still increasing.

“Today, the land is not dominated by God, but by the people.”

Is what Eldoh-san would inadvertently complain. But as I witnessed people doing farm work in the
village, I think what he was saying is true. This, in some sense, is close to “creation” and to “create”,
which is an act of God. Human “creation”, in comparison to God is very incomplete. But this is
understandable, because humans are unable to start this process from scratch. This human behavior is
not to “create” but to manifest it and auxiliary do nothing. However, when I saw this scene, I am deeply
impressed with human intelligence and their dedication to survive.

“Though I have lived for a thousand years, I know next to nothing about humans.”

It never occurred to me that farm work would be very tedious; the pain on my wrist and waist is
unbearable. Sometimes, I want to go back to Eldoh-san and live a life of leisure and ease.

The old man next door complained about the low temperature we were having; we harvested a lot less
compared to last year. But it was still more than what Lucifenia has harvested.
