“Miss Michaela…”

“Ah! Michaela! Thanks for the hard work!”

Ein said with a hearty smile; healthy white teeth that shone in the sunset.

“We were talking about the harvest festival”

“Aren’t you a little impatient? I heard that the harvest festival is still far away from now.”

“The sooner we prepare the better. We have poor harvest this year. Nevertheless, I want it to be grand
as possible.”

“If we had poor harvest this year, what’s the point of having a grand festival?”

“Even if we have poor harvest, we still have to celebrate and to cheer everyone up.”

We chatted for a while until Ein said goodbye to Clarith and went home. From start to finish, Ein had
concerned smile while Clarith always remained silent. I tried to politely ask the reason why.

“I am not very good at dealing with boys. To be honest, Michaela’s arrival here really helped me a lot.”

Clarith said while her eyes were casted down. Even while continuing the conversation, she just kept her
eyes casted down.

“Does Ein often talk to you?”

“Yes… more recently, he takes the initiative and talk to me.”

“Before, when Michaela hasn’t come to this village yet, we rarely spoke to each other.”

“Ahhh…”

Clarith suddenly stopped and looked at the sky. The sun in the sky has almost completely set.

“That man… I mean Ein… might actually like Michaela.”

“Eh?”

"I think the reason why he talks to me... is to get closer to you, Miss Michaela"

"Really?"

Putting it that way, I became embarrassed. I do not understand this so called human expression of love.
Although my identity is female, I am originally a genderless spirit. Of course, I understand the concept of
biological sex and reproduction activities. However, I still don't understand the delicate relationship
between a man and a woman...

"What does Michaela think of Ein?"
