This is what you call "Woman's Envy". If that were the case, why isn't she targeting me? I'm the one they
should be targeting because Clarith didn't even say anything to Ein. Or maybe they saw the scene when I
haven't arrived yet. Maybe that's it...

Even so, they are bullying her too much. Poor Clarith began to tremble and curl up her body.

"Eve Ein finds it disturbing when you are close to him. Listen, I forbid you to take a single step near Ein."

"......."

"Don't just ignore me! Speak up!"

Chelsea raised her voice and lifted Clarith's arm. Clarith's body trembled; she isn't able to escape for she
was too afraid to do so.

"Wait a minute!"

I immediately jumped and shouted. Chelsea loosed her grip on Clarith's wrist. I took the opportunity
and got in between them.

"Miss Michaela..."

Chelsea was taken back. She still didn't let go of Clarith. I grabbed her wrist and placed her hands down.

"Fighting is not good! I know eavesdropping is not also good but I think what you're doing is wrong! I
cannot just watch and let you have your way with her!"

"What's wrong with that? We just hate how this Netsuma girl is getting cheeky with Ein"

"I think you have misunderstood"

I faked a smile and added more force unto her wrist.

"But..."

"Moreover, resorting to violence is not good. Everything can be talked out peacefully"

"Fo-forget it! Let me go! Hey, you two, we're leaving!"

I let go of Chelsea's wrist and the three of them left together. When Chelsea's figure disappeared, I
gently patted Clarith's trembling shoulder.

"Are you okay?"

"I'm alright. Thank you!"

"Clarith, you have to speak out your mind. If you don't tell others your thoughts, you will be
misunderstood."
