preparing to launch/initiate a revolution on Lucifenia. We're here to beg for assistance... Honestly
speaking, we're short on both manpower and funds."

Germaine stood up and begun to pace around the room as she spoke. She explained to me that the
comrades are people who harbour resentment towards Lucifenia's ruler, and to secure financial
assistance, they would return to Mr Keel his properties which were confiscated by Lucifenia (but Mr
Keel said that it (the properties) didn't cost him much).

“Clarith, if you can’t accept your friend’s murder, join our revolutionary army. Don’t you want to
personally avenge her?”

“……Let me think about it”

“I understand. This is a big deal to think about so think twice before deciding. But if you were to turn on
us…”

Germaine had a threatening attitude towards me. Mr. Keel immediately replied to her:

“I can assure this. She will not tell on us.”

“……Mr. Keel, about your assistance…”

“Ah, I’m not good with these kinds of things. But I’ll be taking a look at it.”

Mr. Keel cleverly evaded the matter with Germaine. In fact, he doesn’t seem interested.

“We are sorry to have bothered you today and we thank you for your hospitality. York, let’s go!”

Germaine and York silently left the room together. As the door shut with a bang, I once again looked at
Mr. Keel.

“……What frightening people”

“Aren’t they? But to me, they are just being bravado.”

“Really?”

“Haha, who knows. Clarith, you just came from Toragay which is very far right? You should get some
rest. You are not a servant here but a guest. You should speak with one of Koopa’s servants.”

“Yes… I know”
