A servant brought me into a room which had more space than our house in Yatski Village or in the
servant’s room in the Freesis Mansion. As the fatigue suddenly overwhelmed me, I fell into bed. The
bedding was soft, particularly comfortable to sleep on but I settled not to.

However, I was still able to sleep like in the past.

After a few days, I did not do anything except being Ms. Yukina’s play mate. My life became placid. All of
the duties and cuisines were done by the servants of the mansion.

There was nothing I can do.

Was there no other way to save Michaela? If there was, I would like to go back in time. Although I knew
it was impossible, but I kept thinking about it.

I wondered whether there was still hope. But for those who wish to wait before me(?), only infinite
despair awaits you.

“Clarith, I’m coming in.”

I heard a knock on the door. It was Mr. Keel. He was as busy as he was in Elphegort. He hasn’t been
sleeping recently; there were dark lines beneath his eyes.

“Mr. Keel… you should have called for me instead of coming here…”

“I don’t really care nowadays. Today, I would like to you about your future plans. Do you mind if I sit
here?”

I replied with a “please”. Mr. Keel sat on the wooden chair near the entrance.

“I decided to help the rebel army. After I’ve done my investigations, it seems the revolutionary army is
at an advantage.”

“……”

“What about you? Are you going to help them?”

I tried to avoid his confident eyes:

“No, I still refuse. I don’t have the courage to wield a sword”

I replied in a low voice.
