It’s evening.

Marquis Glassred was, currently, wracking his head over a problem occurring in the Asmodean region.

(With this, it’s four……)

A few days ago, the whereabouts of Mirigan Adi, a 28 year old fortune teller living in the center of the Asmodean region, Evnemi, have become unknown. Having been the self-proclaimed disciple of that famous mage, the personality’s credibility at fortune telling didn’t seem to have much value, seeming to have attracted numerous male customers solely due to her beauty.

Lukana Octo of Mystica, Mikulia Greeonio of Abito, Lolan Eve of Lisa A, and now Mirigan. Within such a short period of time, so many people had disappeared in Asmodean.

The only thing they have in common is being “female”. Each of their occupations and living areas were different, they shouldn’t even be acquainted with each other.

It wasn’t known whether it was the work of the same perpetrator. On the contrary, it was uncertain whether there was even an incident.

However, as the one representing the Asmodean region, that didn’t mean he could just leave it alone.

A criminal had also attacked Duke Venomania’s household yet remained at large. Marquis Glassred thought Asmodean was a quiet and peaceful land in its own way, but it was becoming increasingly increasingly fishy no matter how you spun it.

(A ploy by spies of a neighboring country…… perhaps, or I’m over-thinking it)

The Asmodean region lay in the north of the great empire of Beelzenia and bordered a number of other nations, making it both a cornerstone of trade and a strategically important land.

While it was allies or in a neutral relationship with other countries for now, that was only publicly so it’s no wonder if sabotage has been done. Supposing other countries warred with the Beelzenian Empire, it would be attacked first and foremost here, in Asmodean.

(Perhaps it would be wise to bolster our armaments. Then I should at least report these serial women disappearances to the imperial family…… no, before that, to the young Duke Venomania, I suppose)

After the death of the previous feudal lord, Ilotte, Marquis Glassred had been handling Asmodean’s state of affairs, but the official lord was the Marquis’ only nephew, Sateriasis.

(I’ve also heard he’s stopped secluding himself recently and shown his face in Lasaland and surrounding towns. Perhaps the incident’s scarring upon his mind has healed by now. Doubtful he’ll be able to fully handle the affairs of the state…… but he should have some self-awareness as the feudal lord. For Asmodean’s…… and for my future as well)

The Glassred family’s lineage could be traced back to immigrants from Elphegort originally. Even though there was little racial discrimination within the Beelzenian Empire, the Marquis had been told by relatives from a young age that wishing for little more success in life than now was beyond their means; he himself had understood it.

But, through his younger sister marrying into the Venomania family, one of Beelzenia’s central aristocrats known as the Five Dukes, who held great influence within the country, the blood of the Glassreds mixed with the Dukes.

If Sateriasis was set up as a fine feudal lord, there would promise further prosperity for the Glassred family.

(The engagement talks for the young duke and her had gone unanswered due to that incident so we should neatly settle it soon)

As for Marquis Glassred, he intended to solidify their ties with the Venomanias, and there had been a plan for that underway for some time.

Once the Marquis left the room, he shouted while quickly parading down the corridor.

“Gumina! Gumina, where are you!”

At the sound of his voice, his daughter appeared from the shadows of the hallway.

“I’m over here, Father.”

Sporting short green hair, she so quietly called out in response to her father.

“Oh, Gumina, you’re over here, are you? I’m going to the Venomania manor now. You’re coming along as well.“

“To Duke Venomania’s…… mansion?”

Seeing Gumina’s face layered with confusion, Marquis Glassred grew irritated.

“You should have supported Duke Venomania after the incident from the beginning. You haven’t even gone to the mansion to see his face even once. Honestly, it’s so difficult having a disappointing\* daughter.

“It’s…… I have my reasons too――“

“Since Duke Venomania had been alienating himself from those around him, I’ve been overlooking it up til now, but I’m already at my limit! Fulfill your duties as his fiancée! Let’s go, we have to leave now!”

“…… Understood.”

In response to her father’s rebukes, Gumina decided to timidly obey and go to Sateriasis’ mansion.

\*The term used for “disappointing” (不出来) refers to something or someone poorly made or working, unsuccessful, or otherwise a failure.
