The inaugural speech concluded without a hitch, and gradually people filed out of the square.

His mother too was no longer on the dais. As soon as her speech was over, she had moved behind the curtain set out behind the dais along with her retainers. She was likely at a business meeting there in preparation for her next job.
He was glad to have been adopted by Julia—Lemy thought so very sincerely. That wasn’t just because she’d become president, or because she had a lot of money.

Julia showered Lemy with plenty of affection. He wasn’t her true child, but she was so loving towards him that he never felt so.

She had raised Lemy always kindly, and at times sternly. He certainly hadn’t hated the adults at the orphanage, but of course they were a little different from “parents”. Thanks to Julia, during these eight years Lemy had been able to learn what a true parent and child relationship was really like.

What might have happened to him if he’d continued to be raised in the orphanage? He didn’t know. Maybe he might have been adopted by a different adult, though it was also possible that he would have been driven out of the orphanage and wandered lost on the wayside. In any case, Lemy being happy like he was now was without a doubt thanks to Julia.

He had to show his mother his gratitude. Lemy was always thinking that someday he wanted to repay her, in some fashion. However, at the moment he couldn’t think of any specific idea as to how he might go about that.

Gatt lightly stretched next to him.

“Well, it seems I shall be returning ere long,” he said, gazing over at the visitor seats.

He could see several important people from other countries sitting over there. The drooping-eyed old man in the seat fourth from the left was the Prime Minister of Asmodean; Gatt had come to Lucifenia this time as part of his protection detail.

“Will you be staying in Lucifenia for a while?” Lemy asked.

Gatt replied with a small sigh. “Nay; we have plans to return to Asmodean tomorrow morning hence. Though soon enough I plan to take a short furlough.”

“How long is it?”

“About ten days.”

“Then you should come spend time at my house.”

Gatt shook his head regretfully, while smiling. “I appreciate the offer, but Lady Julia shall be busy herself I would think, and I am loath to get in her way. Besides which, my furlough plans have heretofore been decided.”

“You going somewhere?”

“Mhm, Calgaround in Elphegort…I hath been tasked with some work by Lady Julia’s little sister.”

“Auntie Mayrana’s place, huh. I haven’t seen her in a really long time. I can’t even remember really well what she looks like.”

When Lemy said that, Gatt made a slightly meek expression.

“…That may be for the best. If you saw her now it perhaps would give you a shock.”

“…?”
Upon seeing Lemy’s confused expression, Gatt flusteredly cleared his throat.

“Ahem. Well, that’s that. It seems Sir Prime Minister is growing impatient. I must leave anon.”

The droopy-eyed Prime Minister in the visitor seat looked to be restlessly gazing around with a sullen frown, arms folded.

“Say hi to Auntie.”

“Mhm.”

Gatt patted Lemy once on the shoulder, and then returned back to the visitor’s seat.

Alrighty, what should I do now?

Lemy pondered for a moment on what he would get up to after this.

He would have liked to go be with Julia, but his mother probably had a lot of work to do yet. She probably wouldn’t pay him much mind if he went to see her.

The house where Lemy and Julia lived was here in Rolled. It wasn’t that far away from Milanais Square. He should probably go back home alone and wait for his mother’s return.

Lemy started to walk towards the house.

.

You’re not going to say anything to Julia?

.

Someone started talking to him.

It wasn’t Gatt. He had already reached the visitor’s seats, and was nodding along to the Prime Minister in a forced fashion.
“Yeah. I’m gonna wait for Mom at home. She’ll come back in the evening,” Lemy replied to the “voice”.

Towards empty air, with no one in front of him.

Idiot. Didn’t Julia tell you? Tonight there’s an inauguration party in the Lucifenian Palace. She probably won’t come back until late.

The voice returned again.

Lemy replied to it again. “Yeah, now that you mention it, I guess so.”

You’re invited too, aren’t you? You’ve got a suit to wear to the party in your closet. You should change into it at home and then head to the palace.

“Nah. I don’t really like parties all that much. It’s probably just gonna be a bunch of old bags and geezers I don’t know.”

…You didn’t listen to anything Julia told you at dinner yesterday, did you?

“What?”

She said that a dear friend of yours would be at the party too.

“A friend…You mean Rin!?”

Yeah. Rin is planned to sing at the party as the entertainment.

As Lemy unthinkingly shouted, a middle-aged woman passing him by looked at him with a suspicious expression. Flustered, Lemy put a hand on his mouth to cover it up.
Lemy was just talking with the “voice”, but it most certainly didn’t look like that to the woman. She must have thought that he was some disturbed child continually talking to himself in the middle of the street.

As for why—Lemy was the only one who was able to hear that “voice”.
