The first time Lemy had met “Ney” was when he was seven years old.

Though “met” might not be the correct way to put it. For Lemy had never once seen her even to this point.

Ney was, from the beginning, a mere “voice”, and judging from her manner of speech he was sure she was a girl. Her voice did seem to resemble Lemy’s a great deal, but of course it also had a different feel to it.

Yes, it certainly was not Lemy’s own voice. Even though it was a voice that no one outside of him could hear, Lemy had always been sure that it wasn’t some delusion or auditory hallucination.

–That day, Lemy had disobediently snuck into the house’s treasury.

Inside Julia’s mansion that was so incomparably larger than the orphanage, that was the only place that Julia told him he couldn’t enter. And whenever he was told he couldn’t do something, it made him want to do it all the more.

The treasury was always locked, but fortunately today alone the door was open.

Julia was the only one who had a key to the place, and their servant Phoebe normally never came in the room as well. Julia had probably forgotten to lock it.

His pocket watch that he had on hand said that it was 11PM. The watch was something that Julia had given him for his last birthday. It had a dragon design on it, and Lemy had grown very fond of it.

Julia and Phoebe were already sleeping in their rooms. Lemy had been resting too, but he’d woken in the middle of the night from his usual nightmare. Probably because the dream had been in water, he ended up having to go to the bathroom, and then when he walked by the treasury on the way there, he had realized that the door was open.

Taken by curiosity welling up within him, Lemy walked inside the treasury.

The place was properly cleaned, so it wasn’t dusty. However, as there were no lights in there it was very dark. Lemy set the candlestand he’d been carrying with him in the center of the room. Thanks to the light of the candle that stood on it, he became able to look around the inside.

The treasury was filled up with very peculiar items.

A stuffed, eight-legged animal about the size of his head, various black robes of different size and design, parchment with a star-like insignia on it, bundled up red thread with sewing implements…There were a lot of things that Lemy didn’t understand the usage of, and from the looks of it not many toys there to play with. Lemy was a little disappointed, but when he thought again he figured that Julia was hardly likely to hide toys somewhere where Lemy wouldn’t find them.

She always bought him everything he ever wanted, after all.
On the highest shelf were seven pitch-black pedestals. Various characters were inscribed on each one, but at that time Lemy couldn’t read just yet, and so he didn’t know what they said.

The pedestals were all lined up uniformly in a row, but six among them had nothing resting on them. Only one, the second one from the left, had a red wineglass placed on top of it.

It looked like a drinking glass of perfectly ordinary make. Outside of being red, it didn’t seem all that different from the glasses that Julia would normally use when drinking milk.

Julia didn’t drink wine. And apparently she didn’t care much for tea. So she was always just drinking milk. It was her way to drink milk not from ceramic cups, but wineglasses.

Despite the other items wafting with the stale air of decades, the red wineglass was brilliantly gleaming, as though it was brand new.

Inside the dim treasury, the wineglass alone carried the light of the candle flame.

When he brought his face to the glass, Lemy was faintly reflected there. It seemed to him that the face being reflected back was a little distorted. Perhaps that was just due to the flickering of the candle light, but Lemy progressively started thinking that this face didn’t much look like his own.

–That’s not me, it’s someone else.

Without thinking, Lemy took the wineglass in his hand.

For some reason he’d been completely overtaken by fascination.
Gradually, he started to feel a heat on the right hand holding the glass.

It wasn’t to the point where it would burn, so Lemy didn’t toss the glass away or anything like that. –Frankly speaking, Lemy now didn’t want to let it go. No matter how he tried, he couldn’t open the hand that gripped the wineglass.

The heat of the glass extended to his right arm, and arrived at Lemy’s head. Developing a headache, Lemy crouched on the spot, and suddenly became unable to stand.

.

–You and I are one and the same.

.

That “voice” spoke to him, but at the time Lemy couldn’t grasp that it was someone else’s words.

Unable to bear the splitting pain in his head, Lemy finally lost consciousness.

What he saw right before he blacked out was a red cat walking up to him.

.

–When he next opened his eyes, Lemy was in bed in his own room.

The sun was already up, and the light streaming in from the window pierced his eyes. But his headache was already better, and he was no longer holding onto the wineglass.

After he sat there in a daze for a short time, Julia entered the room with her eyes raised. –Lemy was hardly ever scolded by Julia, either before or after this. Midway through her hour-long lecture, Lemy started bawling loudly, and gave her an irresponsible rebuttal:
“But it’s your fault for forgetting to lock the treasury, Miss Julia,” he’d said.

Truthfully, Lemy did need to thank her. It was none other than Julia after all who’d found him passed out in the treasury, and nursed him until morning.

But at the time Lemy had been a mere child, unable to grasp that.

“That treasury is full of dangerous items. If someone who doesn’t know how to use them touches them, you get what happened this time. So don’t ever go inside it again,” Julia had given as a parting remark before leaving the room.

Lemy was still crying.

He finally stopped crying when he heard that “voice” again.

Give it a rest and shut up already. What a disgrace.

It was the same voice that he had heard when he’d gripped the glass.

Without thinking, Lemy replied back to the voice, “Who are you?”

Though he could hear a voice, he couldn’t see anyone around. But without a doubt, that “voice” was not Lemy, but someone else talking to him.

My name? Right…I am “Ney”. Another you.

“Another…Me?”
Yeah. I awoke due to you touching that wineglass. You’re the only one who can hear my voice. I’m you. You’re me.

“That’s kind of creepy. A voice that only I can hear.”

Don’t say that. You should be glad you have someone to talk to. You must be fairly lonely now that you can’t see the kids at the orphanage.

–He did certainly agree with that.

Though Julia had told him at the start that she would take him to the orphanage from time to time, lately she had stopped taking him there, saying she was too busy and that they would go next time.

“…But how do you know about that?”

Didn’t I tell you? I’m you. I know everything about you. Well then, I hope we can get along, Lemy.

“Wait just a minute. Are you always going to be near me like this from now on?”

That would be a problem. Lemy also had that thing called privacy.

If you’re worried I’ll get in the way, you needn’t. I just won’t talk to you for a while. And since the only thing you can hear of me is my voice, when I’m not talking to you it’ll be like I’m not here, right?

“I guess? I feel like that’s not the same thing though.”

Stop complaining. I can’t separate from you anymore. Since you went and touched that wineglass.

“A ghost? Are you a ghost?”

The “voice” responded, as though fed up, to the frightened Lemy.

Don’t keep making me say the same thing over and over. I’m you, okay?

.

–After that, Lemy had told Pheobe about Ney, but she’d thought he was joking and paid little mind to it.

“It’s not nice to make fun, little master. No matter how I listen in I can’t hear a girl’s voice in here.”

Phoebe was from the beginning not the type to buy into ghosts and supernatural phenomenon. There were some times when stories of things like ghosts coming out in back alleys at night would be going around town, but she alone would laugh them off with a snort. Even though someone like Lemy wouldn’t be able to sleep well from fear the night after he’d heard such stories.

Even so, it seemed that because Lemy was persistent in his story of hearing a “female voice”, Phoebe had naturally grown a little worried.

It wasn’t that she thought “Ney” might really exist. It was more that she thought he might have gotten a little touched in the head from his headache.

She’d reported to her employer Julia what Lemy had told her, and suggested that it might be best they brought him to see a doctor.

However, Julia never called a doctor over.

Instead, for Lemy’s birthday in December she gave her son something special as a present.
“It’s this…”

When Lemy unwrapped the present’s packaging, he saw that inside it was that red wineglass from before.

“This, you see, is a very peculiar wineglass, and even if you drop it, it will never break. Despite that, you mustn’t be reckless with it. You’ll anger the spirit of the wineglass if you do,” Julia explained to Lemy, smiling.

“The spirit of the wineglass?”

“Yes. Perhaps that spirit is the true identity of this ‘voice’ that only you can hear.”

“But this is really important, isn’t it? Is it okay for me to have it?”

“Yes, this is a very precious item. And that is why you mustn’t lose it. …Or would you prefer a toy, rather than this glass?”

“…No, this is fine. Thank you, Mom.”

“—I’m the one who should thank you. I’m glad, Lemy.”

Julia suddenly, warmly hugged Lemy.

“Why are you thanking me, Mom?”

“Haha, because…For the first time, you called me ‘Mom’.”

“I did?”

Lemy hadn’t been paying much mind to the way he addressed her.

Since being taken here, he had in his heart always thought of her as his mother. To Lemy, who did not know his true mother, he didn’t have much resistance towards that.
He had called her “Miss Julia” at the start out of embarrassment at that, and at some point it had just become a habit.

After Julia had hugged Lemy for a short time, she pulled away.

“You know, there’s a legend that people who have that glass lose their preferences for food. Maybe you’ll start to be able to eat your hated green onions after this, hm?”

Lemy hummed and shook his head.

“No I won’t. I’ll still hate green onions.”

.

–Though, as it seemed that the legend of the glass was true after all, and before he knew it Lemy was able to eat green onions that he’d thought so hated.

When he had the glass with him, oddly enough any food was delicious to him.

The wineglass had another effect to it. Lemy normally had it set out on the shelf in his room, but every now and then he’d take it down and look at it.

When Lemy held the glass, it would give off a dull glow.

Do you love your mother? Ney asked him.

“Yeah, I love her. She buys me anything I want, she’s pretty, she’s nice…Although sometimes she’s a little scary.”
Hmmph, I see. Then that’s good, right? …For now, anyway.

“What, what are you trying to say?”

Nothing. …Only, she might not be as good a person as you think she is.

“Why would you say that?” Lemy huffed indignantly.

Ney said next, not minding him, Maybe she adopted you in order to use you for something in the future. I know quite well that people like that exist.

“Mom’s not like that!”

Yeah yeah. You don’t have to shout. You’ll worry Phoebe again.

Ney was always saying contrarian stuff like that.

Frankly, he thought she was a little bit of a jerk.

Even so, for some reason Lemy didn’t hate Ney. At some point, he had come to enjoy lightly bickering with her like this.

Lemy tightly gripped the glass he was holding.

–When he did, he felt as though he was able to more strongly feel that Ney existed.
