Lemy had been in good spirits that day.

His mother, who was always so busy, had her plans free that night. Thanks to that, she’d agreed to go with Lemy to see the circus. The fact that the circus was being held that night was also fortunate.

The building for “Milanais Theater”, completed after two years of work, looked radiant.

Lemy sat with his mother on the first floor seats of this opera house that had been erected along the Orgo river to the west of Milanais square.

The light of an enormous chandelier that hung from the ceiling illuminated the stage.

“Thank goodness we were able to get first floor seats,” Lemy said to Julia.

He’d figured that if they had been on the second floor seats or higher, the stage would be obstructed by the support pillars, making it harder to see. Them getting such good seats was due to Julia’s connections, already being a senator at the time; however Lemy had no way of knowing that.

The circus’ scheduled performance time had already passed, but there was still no one on the stage.

It seemed the curtain raising was late due to some trouble, and there came to be booing coming from the audience.

Eventually, some man who looked to be the manager timidly appeared on stage. He explained to the crowd, an apologetic expression on his face, “Erm…We had planned for the circus to perform, but it seems they have met some unexpected difficulties in their preparations…So instead, please enjoy some singing by a diva until the circus begins as an opening performance–“

Rather than coming to a halt, the booing got progressively louder and louder. The audience here had come to see a circus. They didn’t want to hear any singing.
And in the place of the manager, who left the stage as though fleeing from it, a lone girl walked on.

She had blonde hair and blue eyes. She looked around the same age as Lemy.

“Wha…!” Julia raised her voice in surprise, and then turned to Lemy next to her. “Doesn’t that girl look like you, Lemy?”

“You think so?”

“Yes, the more I look you’re the spitting image—”

And there Julia’s face grew grave, and she fell silent.

A girl who looked like Lemy, who’d been an orphan—she’d likely realized there what that indicated.

To put it simply, there was a chance that she was Lemy’s long-lost twin.

At the time, that didn’t occur to Lemy. The only thing he was thinking then was that he was sorry for this girl, having to sing in these kinds of conditions.

Julia could guess that from seeing her son’s expression, and once more faced forward.

“…Well, let’s listen to her song for now. Until the circus starts.”

The girl on the stage bowed once, and then, not paying any mind to the continuous booing, began to sing.

It was an acapella, a vocal solo without any musical accompaniment.

As she started to sing, little by little the booing stopped.
And then it faded off entirely.

The only sound that carried in the air was the girl’s singing voice.

“What a strong and pretty voice. Your mother certainly likes this girl’s song. What about you, Lemy?” Julia quietly murmured, looking towards him.

Lemy’s eyes were open wide.

“…Rin,” was the only thing Lemy muttered.

“Hm?”

“—I’m certain of it, Mom. That’s…that has to be Rin’s voice! How—”

Lemy had started to raise his voice, and so the audience members around them turned to glare at him. Julia flusteredly tried to keep him from talking.

“Calm down, Lemy. What in heavens is the matter? This ‘Rin’—”

“My friend from the orphanage. I was always listening to her sing. I know I’m right. That has to be Rin…but her face is completely different.”

“Her face is different?”

Julia inclined her head in confusion.

“But I know that’s Rin’s voice! Please believe me, Mom—”

“I know, I know, so please keep your voice down. …You’re absolutely sure?”
“Yeah, I swear to god.”

“…I see. Your mother doesn’t care much for gods, but I do care for you, Lemy. So I will believe you.”

So saying, Julia calmed Lemy down.

And then she started to mutter to herself while watching the stage once more.

“That’s one of the orphanage children…but her face is different from what Lemy remembers…”

It sounded like she was thinking about something.

Finally, the corners of her mouth lifted. She seemed to be smiling.

“It couldn’t be…No, there’s no way…But I see…’Seventh Magician’…acting without permission again.”

Right as she muttered that to herself, the girl on the stage finished singing.

Immediately afterwards, cheers welled up from the audience seats.

“Bravo! Stupendous!”

“It’s the birthday of a new tradition!”

“Encore! Encore!”

Everyone in the audience was praising her. There was no longer anyone there complaining.

In response to the calls for encore, she began to sing a second song.

.

–Ultimately, the circus performance ended midway through. The reason being that one of the performers died from an unforeseen accident.

But there were no audience members who were dissatisfied regarding that. Everyone was satisfied with having witnessed the debut of a prodigy diva.
After that, she began to walk the road to being the most famous diva in Lucifenia…Or rather, the whole continent.

.

After the performance had ended and they left Milanais Theater, Julia abruptly said to Lemy, “Lemy, can you head home by yourself from here? Your mother has to go somewhere for a little bit.”

“Yeah, I’ll be fine…What’s come up?”

“You’re concerned about that girl, aren’t you? You said she was your friend, I recall…So your mother is going to look into it a little.”

“Can you do that?” Lemy’s face suddenly lit up.

“Yes, just leave it to me. I’ll return by tomorrow morning, so just go home and get some rest—No detours, okay?”

“Got it. Well then…take care, Mom.”

Parting from his mother, Lemy began to walk back to their house.

.

He knew the way home from Milanais Theater. Lemy followed his mother’s direction and headed straight there.
At the outset, the street was filled with travelers on their way home from the show. But as he got closer to home, they gradually became fewer and fewer. And by the time he could see the lights of his house in the distance, there was no one about but Lemy.

“Meow”

He could hear a cat meowing from a side alley.

“Hm? Irina?”

Thinking it was the red cat that his mother owned, Lemy headed in the direction of the meowing.

–If he really thought about it, there was no way it was. That red cat had been following around behind his mother all day today. It had been on her lap during the show.

And when Lemy had parted from Julia, that cat had been riding on her shoulder.

“–!”

Just as he’d started to turn around, Lemy’s left arm was strongly seized by someone, and then he was dragged back into the back alley.

“Heh heh heh. I’ve got a big catch!” A large, bearded man laughed while gripping Lemy’s arm.

“You’ve done it, Big Bro Yarera III! This brat’s the son of Senator Abelard. It’ll be a cinch to get a high ransom if we carry him off,” a small, thin man next to him laughed similarly.

“Yeah. Lately those ‘Pere Noel’ jerks have been throwing their weight around so much we’ve been out of our livelihood, but finally looks like we’re gonna get some good liquor for a change—Come on kid, this way.”

The large man called Yarera III yanked on Lemy’s arm further, trying to pull him away somewhere.

“L-let me go!”

At the time Lemy had fiercely struggled, trying to throw the man off and escape, but as Yarera III’s arm strength far outclassed his he was not successful.

“Come quietly. I don’t wanna have to be needlessly violent with ya.”

The man grabbed Lemy’s right arm as well, pulling him closer.

“Son of a bitch—you talk big for someone whose name sounds like a bit character!”

It seemed that provocation infuriated the man.

“…You bastard, how dare you fucking insult the name I inherited from my grandfather!”

Yarera III released his right hand gripping Lemy and then punched his cheek with a strong blow.

“Ugh…”

The inside of his mouth was cut.

Blood flowed from a gap in his lips, and fell in drops to the ground.

“Don’t do that, Big Bro. Ya can’t hurt our hostage.”

“I know. Well, at least it’s made him quiet down a bit.”

Lemy desperately kept himself from bursting into tears.

As if he’d cry. As if he’d be let himself brought to tears by these guys.

He kept that thought in mind.
–My my, looks like you’re in a pretty bad predicament.

It was Ney’s voice. Despite what was happening to Lemy right then, her voice had no hint of tension in it.

Would you like me to save you?

“…What can you do? You’re just a voice.”

He’d intended it as a rebuke towards Ney, but Yarera III apparently thought that he was being slighted again.

“Looks like I need to teach ya another lesson.”

He raised his fist again, and on reflex Lemy shut his eyes and flinched.

.

“—Hey, let go of the kid.”

.

A voice came out from further inside the back alley. It was a young man’s voice.

“Tch…We got another rat here.”

Yarera III and his accomplice turned around.

Lemy looked in that direction with them.

–The man was wearing a very peculiar outfit.

His entire face was covered in pure white makeup, save for his nose which was bright red. He was wearing a cap with two points on it, and the clothes he had on were gaudy with a great deal of fluttery bits attached.

“What’s this? What’s a pierrot doing in a place like this…”

Yarera III took a step back, making a bewildered expression.

Pierrot…A clown. Yes, Lemy had wanted to see one at the circus today.

An amusing street performer that engaged in juggling and acrobatics. He had only seen them in picture books, but certainly all the ones in the books were dressed like that.

“You get lost on your way from the circus? Scram. If not…I, the great Zusco Jr, will cut up your stupid face!”

The thin man, Yarera’s accomplice, pulled a knife from his pocket and drew closer to the pierrot.

But—

It was one moment. No sooner had the Pierrot swiftly grabbed Zusco Jr.’s arm than he had agilely thrown his foe’s body to the ground.

“Eeek~”

Taking a blow to the head, Zusco Jr. gave a strange shout, and then lost consciousness.

“You—you bastard! You ain’t just a pierrot are ya!?”

Still holding onto Lemy, Yarera III took another step backward. The pierrot took the knife from Zusco Jr. and then pointed the tip at Yarera III threateningly.

“I’m too busy for this. I’ll say it once more. Let the kid go. I don’t wanna waste any more time on you,” the pierrot said, slowly advancing on them.

“That pierrot outfit…Your skill…I see! You’re ‘Fifth, Pierrot’! Dammit! So those ‘Pere Noel’ bastards are finally comin’ after Yarera III, huh!?”

“…I have no idea what you’re talking about—but for the last time. Let the kid go. If not—"

“Shit! I won’t forget this!”

Yarera III threw Lemy at the pierrot as hard as he could. And then, as fast as he could, he picked up the unconscious Zusco Jr. and then sprinted away.

Just as Lemy was pitching forward after being thrown, he was being held up by the pierrot’s grip.

“Th-thank you…mister…Pierrot…sir.”

“You seem injured.”

“Yeah. But it’s not a big deal. Just my mouth got cut.”

“Even so, you should get that looked at. Is your home nearby?”

“It’s right over there.” Lemy turned around and pointed to his home. “Pheobe…our servant is home, so I’ll have her take care of me. If you want, you can come with me, Mister Pierrot—”

When Lemy turned around again, he saw that the pierrot was already gone.
