“I see, so it was like that…You went through much, little master.”

Bruno slowly nodded several times after hearing the entirety of Lemy’s story.

Up on the stage Rin Chan was starting on her third song.

“Sorry. I got sidetracked on something that didn’t have to do with Rin Chan.”

“Oh no, that was all very interesting to hear about—So then, what happened after that?”

“I headed back home. Pheobe asked about my injuries, but I told her I’d tripped on the road to cover it up. The blood had stopped by then, so she didn’t doubt me all that much. …Mom got home the next morning, and then she told me a few things about Rin.”

“Hm, hm.”

Bruno continued to nod while looking at Lemy’s eyes.

“The girl who had sung at Milanais Theater was indeed Rin from the orphanage. Immediately after I’d been adopted by my mother, she was taken charge of by a merchant named Ton Corpa. He’d anticipated that she was skilled at singing, and so she started working at the opera house.”

“That led to her becoming the top diva in all Lucifenia, so it’s clear that Ton Corpa has an eye for talent. …So then, what’s the reason for her face changing?”

“As for that…Mom apparently doesn’t know either. Only, she did speculate that if Ton Corpa was really wealthy, he probably has the connections to get a doctor with face-changing surgical skill.”

“A doctor, huh…I wonder if a doctor with that level of skill actually exists. And…I wonder if Lady Julia truly didn’t know the reason why Rin’s face was changed,” Bruno said, boldly laughing.

“What do you mean by that?”

“Oh no, I don’t mean anything really. Forget what I said just then. …But, this Ton Corpa hm? If he’s her guardian–Then that makes me a little worried for Rin Chan. Frankly he’s not a man with a good reputation.”

With Bruno’s standing, he had a broad view regarding the merchants in Lucifenia. It wasn’t anything unusual that he knew about Ton Corpa.

“What kind of man is this Ton Corpa person?” Lemy asked.

“…Young master, you’ll be turning fourteen this year. Is this really a good age to be learning of adult circumstances like this?”

“Please tell me. I don’t want Rin to be unhappy.”

Ever since seeing Rin at Milanais theater, Lemy had always worried for her.

She had originally liked singing, so it was good for her to have become a diva. But by whose will was it that her face had been changed?

If that was what she herself had wanted, Lemy had no intention to raise objections about it. Though he had become a little bit gloomy at her becoming someone who looked so much like himself.

However, if Ton had forced her to do such a thing—

“Ton has become a person of interest for the police. He’s adopted several children outside of Rin in the past, but all of them have passed on for some reason or another. Some by accident, some by illness…You heard that the circus at Milanais Theater was suspended three years ago, right?”

“Yeah.”

“The person who died then was also a child that Ton had adopted from the orphanage. That child had been working as an animal tamer at the circus, but right before the performance they were bitten by a lion—and that is what resulted in that state of affairs. However, the police have apparently been looking into whether or not Ton might have been involved in that incident.”

So perhaps that meant that Ton had killed the child under pretext of it being an accident.

When Lemy asked about it, Bruno replied, brows drawing in, “There’s no proof. So the police haven’t been able to arrest him over it. But it is a clear fact that all of the children he’s adopted have died one by one. And in the first place—say, in your case, has Lady Julia tried to have you work anywhere?”

“—No.”

There’d been nothing like that.

“That’s normal. Naturally, you’ll assume some sort of work once you become an adult. However, all of the children that Ton has adopted work in some fashion before they’ve even come of age…That in itself could be called unusual. Ton is just as, if not more, wealthy than Lady Julia. So by all rights there’s no need for him to have them do that. –That is, if he actually valued the children.”

“Rin…”

Lemy looked at Rin on the stage.

Generous applause greeted Rin as she finished her third song. She was smiling, looking around at everyone.

If that smile was genuine, then fine.

But—

“Mom didn’t tell me that Ton was that kind of man…”

“She was probably just looking out for you, trying not to make you worry. I told you before, but there’s no proof that Ton is a bad man. His children dying is truly unexpected, and it’s possible that him having them work is to help them become independent more quickly.”

After saying that, Bruno quickly coughed.

“…I’ve gotten carried away with gossip. I myself had a child once long ago…I worry needlessly, when I see children like you and Rin.”

“When you say you had a child, you mean—”

“Yes…They died. When they were young.”

Rin started to sing a fourth song. It seemed that this would be the final tune of today.

“Mister Bruno…There’s one more thing that I’m worried about.”

“Oh, what is that?”

“Three years ago, though Rin’s face had changed, her singing voice was the same as it had been before. But—”

“…”

“Today, when Rin sings…It certainly sounds very good, and a lot like her. But…that isn’t her voice.”

.

The pierrot who saved me three years ago.

From that day on, he had become my hero.

A hero appeared before someone who needed saving.

Could I—

Become a hero like that pierrot?
