The organization name of Pere Noel is taken from the name of the wicked hero who had once laid waste to the Magic Kingdom, “Pale Noel”. Even now his grave remains in “Apocalypse Cliff”, and apparently he has become an object of worship for some people. That name has become fairly useful in drawing in such religious fanatics as allies.

Pale Noel’s closest associate, and the one known as his lover, was “Meta Salmhofer”—Yes, the woman who gave birth to the “Twins of God”, Hänsel and Gretel.

Meta was impregnated by the medical treatment of the scientist who headed the second “Project Ma”, Seth Twiright, and gave birth to the twins.

Seth’s failed to account for Meta escaping with the twins in tow.

What was more, Meta had been murdered by a woman she met by chance in a forest—the candidate for mother in the first “Project Ma”—and had the twins taken from her, spurring on further chaos.

Ultimately, neither Seth nor the Senate were able to find the kidnapped twins. They had no choice but to restart “Project Ma”, and try to create new “Twins of God”.

…But in the end, there never were any “Twins of God” born after that.

.

There were various requirements to become the mother of the Twins of God, the so-called “Ma”.

That the value of their Ma factor that indicated magical ability exceed 170, that they be a devotee of the dragon god LeviaBehemo, and that they be a virgin.

These requirements were issued by the senate, but when it came to the third requirement it was theorized that there wasn’t really any point to it. To start with, it’s hard to think that Meta hadn’t had physical relations with Pale Noel, and Marina Lucif, the candidate for the sixth project, was a wife. One among the seventh candidates, Milky Eights, was a former prostitute.

Passing through all the failures up to the sixth project, the ones to become candidate for the seventh project were the aforementioned Milky, a nouveau riche aristocrat Ly Li, Elluka, and myself.

I won the battle to become the candidate. And I, implanted by Seth with the “Seeds of God”, became pregnant without a hitch.

If things had gone well, I could have then become the mother of gods—the “Ma”.

If it hadn’t been for her getting in the way.

.

–That all took place over 600 years ago.
