This work is a novelization of the Act 1 portion of the “Original Sin Story” doujin CDs distributed by the “the heavenly yard” circle, and it’s also a prequel to the “Daughter of Evil” and “Deadly Sins of Evil” series published by PHP institute.

The “Deadly Sins of Evil” series, similar to this work, all had their main motifs taken from songs published previously by their writer (mothy_AkunoP), and it’s also a series that was developed over close to a decade.

In these works a span of almost a thousand years passes over the course of the series, and the following order is how it goes chronologically.

.

“Original Sin Story”–>”The Lunacy of Duke Venomania”–>”Evil Food Eater Conchita”–>”Daughter of Evil (four books total)”–>Gift From the Princess Who Brought Sleep”–>”Fifth, Pierrot”–>”Tailor of Enbizaka”–>”Judgment of Corruption”–>”The Muzzle of Nemesis”–>”Master of the heavenly yard”

.

In other words, the “Original Sin Story” is the “Story of the Beginning” that occurs in these series.

And depicted in it are the backstories for the figures that debut in the other works like “Adam”, “Eve”, and “Seth”, as well as the details of the creation of the key items, the “Vessels of Deadly Sin”.

…Though, since the part depicted in this work is just the first act of the “Original Sin Story” albums, any further core content will be carried over into the next book.

My initial plan was to collect all of it into one volume, but during the progression of the plot I went “Ah, this is totally impossible” and gave up on that.

In the end I decided to split it into two volumes, but even so there were a few developments I was unable to depict in this book that would also be difficult to have in the next one.

(There was the issue of page number, but I also just wanted to avoid making the story tedious with too many digressions)

For that reason I wanted to talk roughly here about the conceptual elements I could only allude to briefly or that were cut altogether.

Magic Kingdom Levianta (the story’s setting)
As shown in the main work, it’s a country whose territory is the entire northern region of Evillious, and it was founded by excavators of the legacy of the Second Period (the era wherein lived those called “Gods” like Levia and Behemo).

The true identity of these “excavators” was a clan of sorcerers, and it all started when they set their eyes on these legacy pieces as tools to more easily make use of their magical arts.

The more powerful a magical spell, the more time and preparation it would take to set it in motion. The one to realize that by using these artifacts as an intermediary they could greatly simplify the process was the sorceress who would later become the first queen of Magic Kingdom Levianta, Alice Merry-Go-Round.

Alice hired on some help and began to mine the area around the LeviaBehemo temple where many of these artifacts slept, however it was there that the original inhabitants began to put up resistance.

These natives believed that the twin-headed dragon LeviaBehemo was a divine being, and they viewed Alice and the others who would desecrate their temple as sinners.

In order to protect the boundaries of her territory, Alice built an enormous wall around the temple.

That later came to be called the “First Wall”.

As time passed the “Second Wall” and “Third Wall” were erected, and eventually a castle took shape.

Alice named this castle Alicegrad, and declared the foundation of the country she would rule as queen, Levianta.

Even still, the pushback from the natives continued.

For the prosperity of her country, Alice decided to adopt several governmental policies to make peace with the natives.

The first was to worship LeviaBehemo as gods.

And that she would take twelve members to serve as her immediate subordinates, half of whom would be sorcerers that Alice had trained herself, and the other half being representatives chosen by the native inhabitants.

Through this reconciliation between the natives and the sorcerers, and the miraculous blessings brought about by the legacy pieces, Levianta began to walk the road of glory.

After the first queen’s death her sorceress daughter inherited her position, and at the same time also took on her mother’s name of “Alice”. That was a last ditch effort to at least somewhat maintain her majesty, the daughter being lacking in charisma compared to her mother.

But from that point on, all of the queens historically inherited the name of “Alice Merry-Go-Round”.

The current queen, “Alice Merry-Go-Round”, that shows up in the main story is the seventh queen.

.

The Senate
The central organization of Magic Kingdom Levianta made up of the first queen’s twelve subordinates, as well as their descendants.

Each of them are respectively responsible for running one of the twelve small towns that surround the castle.

That the senate was tightly unified through history…would be something of a lie; there exists a particularly large gap in the relationship between the six families descended from sorcerers (such as Loop Octopus, or Vaju) and the six descended from natives (like Asayev and Li).

Furthermore, in the process of Gammon becoming head of the senate the Vaju family’s assets were taken over by the Loop Octopus family, resulting in there being two members of the Loop Octopus family in the senate (Gammon and his younger brother, who was the family’s main heir).

.

The Forest of Held
There might be a bit of a discrepancy in the depiction of the Forest of Held (The Millennium Tree Forest) in the main work for those of you who have already read the “Daughter of Evil” and “Deadly Sins of Evil” series.

In the “Daughter of Evil” works, this forest isn’t in the country of Levianta, existing on the Elphegort~Lucifenian border far further south than the forbidden land of Nemu (the ruins of Nemu village).

In the time of the “Original Sin Story” the area around Nemu village was Leviantan territory, and furthermore the forest sat in great abundance just south of the village.

I plan to make clear the reason for the forest being curtailed by close to half its size in the next work.

.

Lighwatch Temple
A facility meant to cultivate “queen candidates” run by the Asayev family, and also an extremely suspicious place containing cells and execution devices. Almost like a certain tower

Those able to be selected as shrine maidens are girls who have the power of an “Inheritor of Held”. Through this power they are able to erase “malice” from people’s hearts, and also hear the “voice of god”.

Its head priest, Yegor Asayev, has the power of an “Inheritor of Behemo”, and with his particular insight he is able to determine if another person has an “Inheritor” power. He used this ability to gather his shrine maidens.

Only, Yegor keeps it hidden from the public that the shrine maidens are “Inheritors”.

Zellana and Elluka, who appeared in this work, are blood sisters of disparate ages. Their parents are long dead.

.

Research regarding “ghoul children”
Originally, Horus (Seth) had inherited the research of his “friend” who had been “the authority on the study of artificial life”.

These research theories also were utilized in the birth of the “Twins of God” in Project “Ma”.

The “ghoul children” he created had the trait of being able to grow up very rapidly, but this had the side effect of making them age rapidly as well.

Seth worked hard to suppress this side effect, but he seems to have been unable to completely avert it.

And to make these “ghoul children” active, he needed to implant in them a reserve false personality.

The false personality had several varieties to it, such as “clean”, “preset”, or “copy”; as the name suggests, “clean” was a blank slate with no memories, “preset” had false memories that were pre-made, and “copy” was implanted with Seth’s own memories.

Furthermore, having advanced in his research on “Inheritors”, Seth was able to utilize his results on a certain “ghoul child”.

Through this, that artificial human gained the power of an “Inheritor of Gilles”, but as a side effect it results in several problems surfacing with their false personality.

.

Catherine
–Once upon a time.

Catherine, a marine biologist, boarded a space ship called the “Climb I” with her husband Gilles.

She had a son with her husband, but he had been sickly, and thus was unable to become a member of the crew.

Catherine continued to lament this fact, and also grew jealous of a female psychologist named Rahab, another passenger on the ship.

That was because Rahab had two children, and both of them had been able to board the “Climb I”.

When she realized that this Rahab and Gilles were having an affair, Catherine’s jealousy turned to “anger”.

Enlisting the help of her friend, Lich, Catherine tried to secretly murder Rahab inside the spaceship.

But…she had the tables turned on her, and was brought to the brink of death.

As her consciousness faded—Catherine saw looking down on her was the man she had thought was her friend, smiling.

By the time she had realized that it was “malice” taking on Lich’s form, it was already too late.

–If I write any more than this it’ll end up spoiling some of the next book, so I’ll leave it here.

Well then…Let’s meet again in the sequel, “Original Sin Story: Punishment”!
