Lemy was taken back to Rolled by Julia, who had gotten to Mayrana’s house in advance.

After Lemy desperately pleading with his mother, Rin was allowed to stay in Mayrana’s house for the time being. When he thought of Rin, he figured it was better that the “Diva Rin Chan” stay missing.

The fact that Lemy is the one who killed Ton did not become known to the public. That night Lemy had indeed been sighted in his Pierrot outfit, but luckily it seemed his true identity hadn’t gotten out.

Regarding the culprit of the murder, the World Police had announced that it was a member of the criminal organization “Pere Noel”, named “Fifth, Pierrot”.

A letter of responsibility from “Fifth, Pierrot” had been sent to the Saintes Faraux Newspaper. And a servant who had been working in Corpa’s mansion had heard Ton use the name “Fifth, Pierrot” when talking to the culprit.

–Lemy hadn’t been the one to send the letter. That was done by his mother, Julia.

Lemy had thought he’d be scolded by her. He’d been prepared for her to hand him over to the police.

But rather than scold Lemy, Julia instead said:
“You’ve done so well, Lemy. This is excellent.”

Lemy couldn’t understand why she was praising him. “…How? By killing someone!?”

“But he was a bad man, wasn’t he?”

Lemy nodded. “—Yeah.”

“Then it’s fine. You’ve just punished a bad man—that’s all it was. It’s a marvelous deed worthy of the name of ‘Fifth, Pierrot’.”

Lemy was shocked, not having expected that name to come out of his mother’s mouth.

“Mom, you know about ‘Fifth, Pierrot’?”

“Of course. You see, he…was originally an underling of mine.”

“Huh!?”

“—You’ll be turning fourteen very soon. Perhaps it’s time I tell you the truth about me…” Julia said, clapping her hands. “Come in here, ‘Sixth, Venom’.”

Then someone else opened the door and entered the room where before there had only been the two of them.

It was Asmodean’s lieutenant general, Gatt Coulomb.

“Gatt…You’re here. But, then ‘Sixth, Venom’—”
“That is the codename I do wear…in ‘Pere Noel’.”

Pere Noel—that was the name that both Yarera and Ton had uttered.

“Just what even is this ‘Pere Noel’?”

Hearing Lemy’s words, Julia quietly sighed.

“Lemy…Perhaps you ought to practice reading the newspaper more often. ‘Pere Noel’ is the name of a criminal organization that is causing havoc all through Lucifenia—or rather, the entire Evillious region.”

“A criminal…organization? Then Gatt—is a criminal?”

“Yes. And the person acting as leader to this ‘Pere Noel’ is I—‘First, Santa Claus’.”

Julia put a hand on her chest and smiled. Things were developing too fast for Lemy to keep up.

His mother was this country’s president, wasn’t she? How could such a person be the leader of a criminal organization?

“…I didn’t know any of this. Then does that mean you’re a bad person, Mom!?”

“No. That’s not it at all, Lemy. Certainly, we are breaking the law—but that is something we simply must do to make this world a better place.”

Julia stood before the window in the room and gazed outside.

Several police officers were visible walking towards Ton’s mansion.

“—Take Rin for example. If the police functioned correctly, she would never have been made unhappy.”

“…”

“I don’t intend to make excuses, but your mother has had her eye on Ton Corpa herself, too. Ever since that day that I saw Rin at Milanais theater with you. I had planned to give him appropriate punishment soon. You just acted a little bit faster than we did. If you hadn’t done it, some other member of ‘Pere Noel’ would have killed Ton—such as Gatt.”

There was little chance she was lying. It was for that reason that Ton had been so unnerved when he’d heard the name of ‘Fifth, Pierrot’.

“Lemy, you killed a man…but you are certainly not a bad person. If the people of our world calls you a villain, then it is society that’s mistaken. What you need to do is not to uphold the law. It is to do the right thing.”

“So you made ‘Pere Noel’ to do the ‘right thing’—But then shouldn’t you be working harder at your job in government, without doing things like that? You’re the president, after all.”

Julia heaved a sad sigh at Lemy’s counterargument. Seeing her face, Lemy realized that his words had been mistaken.

“Work harder”? His mother had been working her hardest.

She worked every day until late, and then woke up earlier in the morning than anyone to look over work notes and newspapers–

Even so, it still wasn’t enough to completely do “the right thing”.

“As you say Lemy, publicly to the world I have reached the presidency. But with that alone there are still many things that I cannot do. Using the organization of ‘Pere Noel’, I can do that which is impossible for me in my law-bound position as president—”
…My mother has been doing so much, and yet what have I done until now? Goofing off every day, not even going to school. So I’m not all that bright. And I’d even had the nerve to do things like complain about my mother not having enough time for me for how busy she is.

–Could I be of any use to her, like this? If I could aid her, even just a little bit—

Julia put her hand on Lemy’s shoulder.

“The world is full of mistakes…So, we must make it right. …Even you have the power and qualifications for this, Lemy.”

“…Righting mistakes…”

It was as though Julia’s words were soaking into Lemy’s mind, one by one.

His mother was kind, and stupendous, and she always said the right thing—

No she’s not. You’re just trying to convince yourself that’s the case. Because you’re afraid of being abandoned again. Because you don’t want to be an orphan again.

–Shut up. Just be quiet for now, Ney.

Lemy ignored Ney and nodded at Julia.

“…What you’re saying is probably right, Mom. …I think. But I still don’t get it. I don’t know what specifically ‘Pere Noel’ even does, and why killing people would be the right thing—"

“Well then, Lemy. When you killed Ton, what were you feeling? Was it painful? Were you sad? Or—“

“I don’t know. I don’t know, but…I guess I was smiling.”

–And he’d been very excited.

On hearing that answer, Julia smiled in satisfaction.

“Those feelings are proof that you were doing the right thing. Your instincts tell you when you’ve done the right thing.”

Was that so? Well, certainly he would smile when he did fun things, and cry when he was sad.

Perhaps smiling is proof that I’m enjoying something, at the very least.

“Obey your instincts, Lemy—No, ‘Fifth, Pierrot’. For you are a ‘messenger of justice’, who vanquishes evil.”

“But…I’ve never used a knife before. How could I have killed Ton like that?”

“That was your hidden power—or perhaps…that was your friend, ‘Ney’, lending you her power.”

Well played. That’s a good guess, Abyss.

Ney had responded to her, but there was no way his mother could hear her words.

…Incidentally, who was Abyss?

“When it comes to Pere Noel, there’s not yet much need for you to know any more about it. Someday I’ll introduce you to the other members. But for now I want you to just do what you can.”
Oh ho. All of a sudden she’s decided that you’ll become a member of Pere Noel, Lemy.

“I told you to be quiet Ney!”

Despite Lemy shouting, Julia didn’t seem to be perturbed in the slightest.

“…Are you quarreling with ‘Ney’, Lemy?”

“—No. It’s nothing.” Lemy shook his head. “But what should I do, specifically?”

What Lemy could do to be useful to his mother.

“There is someone that I want you to kill.”

That was—to kill people. For someone as stupid as Lemy, that was really all he was good for.

“Are they a bad person?” Lemy asked.

“Yes. A woman who betrayed ‘Pere Noel’, and stole a most precious heirloom from me. And—you could say they’re behind what’s happened with Rin. If it hadn’t been for her, Rin would never have been exploited by Ton as a diva.”

“Then you mean—“

“Yes…’Seventh, Magician’.”

On hearing that name, Gatt’s expression changed.
“Now wait one moment. Dispatching with her is my job—"

“Shut up, Venom!” Julia roared at him. “It’ll soon be a year since she vanished—and despite that you have nothing to show me.”

Scratching his head embarrassedly, Gatt began to make his excuses. “…It was within my means to determine that she has become a woman of the night, and that she is sojourning in the city of Rolled. However, from there… It doth seem that ‘Seventh, Magician’ has changed her face with the ‘Venom Sword’. Thus, I have no recourse to determine what sort of face she has changed to.”

“It doesn’t matter—I didn’t really expect anything from you from the start.” After making her cold declaration to Gatt, Julia once more spoke to Lemy with a smile. “It’s alright. Even if Venom can’t do it, I know you can; ‘Fifth, Pierrot’.”

“Um…Hey. Is it really alright that I take that name?”

“Do you not like it?”

“That’s not it…Rather, it’s an honor. I’ve always admired him. I wanna be strong like him. But if I take on that name, then what will the real ‘Fifth, Pierrot’ go by?”

“In that case…your concern is unnecessary.” A faint bit of loneliness seemed to mix into his mother’s expression. “—He’s already died a long time ago.”

“…I see.”

The person he admired had already died.

That was a sad fact for Lemy, but at the same time a greater sense of purpose took root in his heart.

–Now I will become “Fifth, Pierrot”, and be useful to mother.

“Ah, yes, that’s right.” Julia seemed to have remembered something.

“I’ll need you to return the ‘Golden Key’ to the treasure room. That too is one of your mother’s precious treasures.”

She meant the key that had gotten in his pocket without him knowing. He’d kept it with him even after changing his clothes.

Lemy took it out and handed it to Julia.

“Sorry…But I really don’t remember having stolen this. I just had it at some point—I didn’t even know this key was in the treasure room.”

“Right…Yes, that key hadn’t been in there when you snuck in six years ago—Well, perhaps it was ‘Miss Spirit’ playing a prank?”

“Is that it, Ney?”

Ney made no reply.
