December 11th.

The woman was currently making a difficult decision.

She’d had no idea that Pere Noel would take such strong measures. The fact that she’d holed herself up here in Rolled, her home turf, with the intention of outwitting them ultimately amounted to nothing.

–Selecting a job like prostitution had served a quite practical use for her.

The “Venom Sword” was a marvelous tool. As long as she had it she could freely change her face, and let her seduce the opposite sex as freely as she wished.

But there was a drawback. The person who had contracted with the “Demon of Lust” inside the Venom Sword would become unable to restrain their overflowing lusts. They had to periodically ‘mingle’ with the opposite sex or else lose their sanity.

The job of prostitution was ideal for solving that problem. If she used the power of “Lust” on her guests, she could accumulate as many clients as she wished. At some point, the woman had become the most popular prostitute at the brothel she was a member of.

She had once considered building a harem comprised of men instead, in emulation of the late “Duke Sateriasis Venomania”. However, if she did that, naturally she’d be noticed by Pere Noel. She needed to release her incidental sexual desires while working to avoid being noticed as much as possible.

She’d planned to continue earning money as a prostitute in this way, and flee to the east when she had the chance. Now that ‘First, Santa Claus’ had become Lucifenia’s president, it would be difficult for her to extend her search to such a far off location. At that time she should probably leave behind the Venom Sword that she had on her to protect herself. She figured that eventually Santa Claus would give up on following her, if she did that.

But the “prostitute hunting” started before she could do that. It was said in the newspaper that it was the work of “Fifth, Pierrot”.

That couldn’t be. That man had died long ago. He’d been shot.

So then, was “Sixth, Venom”—Gatt—disguising himself as Pierrot? No, she couldn’t imagine he’d take such honorless methods. Even if Santa Claus ordered him to.

Perhaps Santa Clause herself…That too was impossible. The risk was too high. She would never do something so dangerous as directly taking action herself. And she would kill people with much more stylish methods than that. Without as crude a weapon as a knife.

Whoever was doing it, regardless she needed to leave Rolled immediately. But if she escaped from town, then she would out herself as Seventh, Magician. Fifth, Pierrot continuing to kill prostitutes was likely with the goal of smoking her out like that, even.

If she didn’t play her cards right, then it would go exactly as he planned.

She also needed to come up with a way to ensure her safety afterwards.

The political situation of the Beelzenian Empire to the south had recently become quite unsuitable. The newspapers wrote that if things kept on like this, it was likely that a civil war would break out there.

She was considering running there if that did come to pass. There wasn’t anywhere safe for her as long as she stayed in the Evillious region, but at least in a place made chaotic by war she might be able to pull off a disappearing act.

Until then, the only thing she could do was to keep hiding in town somehow.

The only thing she could do was to wait for her chance.

.

Going outside at midnight was forbidden by the owner. Seeing as a serial killer targeting prostitutes like “Fifth, Pierrot” was wandering about, that was only natural.

Even so, as unpopular prostitutes needed to draw in clients to earn their money, there were a lot of people who broke the rules and went outside. Nevertheless, as Isabel was popular, she had no need to take such measures.

As long as she stayed inside the brothel, she was safe.

“You have a guest, Isabel,” called the voice of a wheelchair-bound woman. That was the Madame, the owner of the brothel.

Isabel rose from the bed she was resting on.

“Oh, and who’s my playmate tonight? Jamal? Or Kevin?”

“Neither of those. It’s a new client.”

“…I thought I told you I wasn’t taking on anyone but regulars.”

“You ask too much. He’s paying good money. And—he’s a fairly handsome man.”

“A handsome man—Guess there’s no helping it. Alright, call him over here.”
Perhaps because people were going out less due to the serial killer, they’d been dwindling a bit on customers in recent days. Isabel had started to become unable to stand the throbbing of her body lately.

The door that had just been shut opened once more, and a man entered the room.

–Certainly he was quite handsome, but he also looked quite unlike what Isabel was expecting.

“…I’m shocked. You’re still just a kid. No matter how much money you’ve got, to think that Madame would let a child into a brothel–”

“—You won’t do me?”

The boy looked at Isabel with shy, upturned eyes.

“…Hmph. Might as well. This your first time doing something like this, boy?”

“Yeah.”

“Well then, your big sis is gonna teach you some things,” Isabel said, starting to take off her clothes. “What do you want me to do first?”

“Let’s see…first I want to see some magic tricks.”

“—‘Magic tricks’?”

Isabel stopped moving.

She didn’t get the impression…that the kid was telling a joke.

“Yeah…’Magic tricks’. For example—Making someone look like someone else.”
“…It can’t be…You’re…”

“Your expression’s changed.” The boy grinned. “Bingo. I’ve finally found you. I figured, if it wasn’t the prostitutes outside, then maybe it was someone cooped up in a brothel.”

–!? Dammit!

Isabel realized that the boy had tricked her into revealing herself.

“I remember…You’re Lemy, aren’t you. You’ve grown up a bit since I saw you last, so I didn’t notice right away.”

Lemy pulled out a silver knife, a faint smile on his face.

“Come, prepare yourself, Isabel–or rather…’Seventh, Magician’, Yuzette!”
