Periodically, an operating noise is audible from my body.

Lately it’s stopped feeling quite as annoying to me.

.

I who had “died” in the Levianta Catastrophe was reborn by Seth Twiright’s hand as a red cat doll. He told me that he’d used his research in his main field of indeterminate form state memory matter and forbidden transference magic, but I frankly don’t understand its structure at all. At any rate, thanks to that I had become ageless and immortal, but my body was little more than a powerless cat, hardly able to use magic.

In order to obtain power, every now and then I would take over human bodies that were strong in magic in each era, making them into puppets. Each time I did I would also change my name.

IR, AB-CIR, Abyss IR, and—Julia Abelard.

My current body once bore the name of Germaine Avadonia. Yes, the “red-armored sworsdwoman” who led the “Lucifenian Revolution”.

Hers is the best body that I’ve had so far. To say the least she inherits from both Sateriasis Venomania, and Banica Conchita. Surprisingly enough, she was hiding very strong latent magical power. If she had been born into a different era, Germaine would have become a very capable sorceress.

My reason for continuing to live so long, even to the point of taking such troublesome measures as this—in the beginning, it was for revenge against that woman. The woman who brought my homeland to ruin, who killed my brother, me, and the babies that had been in my belly. To bring her at least a little bit of trouble, I had interfered in her collecting the “Vessels of Deadly Sin”. When she sought some rest in the Kingdom of Lucifenia, I brought that country to ruin using the power of the “Vessels of Deadly Sin”.

I wouldn’t kill her. The pain of death was instantaneous. I would not allow her to just simply go to “Heaven”. She would continue to suffer forever on this earth–that is what I wanted.

My other goal had been to increase my number of comrades using the “Vessels of Deadly Sin”. I had successfully achieved this once in Venomania’s time. The descendants of Lukana Octo in particular are still around in various places even now.

One of them was “Sixth, Venom”, Gatt Coulomb.

However, it seems that as time has passed the “HER” blood has begun to grow weaker. It was true of Germaine Avadonia, but with Gatt too I could hardly see the “HER” gene in him at all. Though it seems it isn’t entirely missing, based on the loyalty that he’s shown me.

The time is coming where I must think of a new method. Quality over quantity–I need to create those who have a much stronger makeup of “HER”.

And the “Vessels of Deadly Sin” aren’t enough for that. There exist the “Seeds of Malice”, which are even stronger than them. However, the only “Seeds of Malice” that remain on this land anymore is just that which is carried inside the “Twins of God”.

–For that reason I have put my hopes in Lemy.

That if I have him, perhaps I can become “M.O.T.HER–Master of the ‘HER’s”.
