“It would be nice if a war wouldn’t start…”

“They wouldn’t be taking the opportunity while the other is pinned down right? That’s what the meeting
is trying to prevent right?”

“Did you know? In Lucifenia, they call the king’s daughter the “Daughter of Evil” because of her
tyrannical rein?”

For decades, Lucifenia has expanded their territory but because of their frequent change for a leader,
Lucifenia’s system is in chaos. Coupled together with the poor harvest Lucifenia had and the “Daughter
of Evil”, Rilliane’s tyranny, Lucifenia is beginning to decline.

Speaking of Lucifenia’s princess…

(The marriage contract)

Mr. Keel secretly told me about Kyle and Rilliane’s engagement.

I was just being teased? Although it has settled down, I still feel somewhat angry.

In Kyle’s short-term stay here, we would frequently see each other (almost every day). It was always fun
to be with him; he would talk about Marlon’s ceremonies or tell me stories about him fighting with
pirates. Occasionally, he would buy me things. He was very careful not for me to feel humble.

“Michaela, are you there?”

I do not know when Kyle would come by and say hello. He would always walk in without hesitation.

“It’s a nice day today.wouldn’t you rather go outside instead of doing laundry?”

Kyle spoke in a cheerful tone. I suddenly felt uncomfortable. In order to make him feel displeased, I
didn’t answer back and just got back on doing the laundry.

“I’m about to go back to Marlon today. I just wanted to say hello and bid farewell to Keel…… but
unfortunately, he had some official things to do. I don’t want to keep the captain waiting so Michaela,
could you tell my farewells to Keel?”

“If you have something to say to Keel, tell it to his butler, Bruno, instead”

“………Are you angry? Are you going to feel lonely because of my departure? Michaela… You have
finally…!”
