“Recollective Music Box”--- this song w as called “Clockwork Requiem” that seemed to be a tragic song
for workers. I sang endless melodies so that it would reach Lucifenia.

This song is to inform Elluka about the “sin’s” whereabouts. But as for the meaning of the song, I know
nothing. Elluka understood that we only had a short time to learn from her so she didn’t teach us the
unnecessary things.

(It didn’t really matter for as long as I know how.)

Now, I just have to wait for Elluka. She will definitely come here.

✿Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Aceid • Central Region” ~

It has been a few weeks since I sent my song to Elluka. I rarely come to the central region. The inn we
stayed at has greatly suffered. Because we ran out of laundry soap, I went to the market and got side
track here.

“I heard you’re doing well missy~”

The owner of the inn said. It has been more than six months since we last met. He became really thin
than before. If I talk to him about it, it might ruin his mood. I’ll choose to remain silent for now.

“How is Clarith doing?”

Her wife was also in the same spirits.

“Well, almost everything she does goes wrong, but she is very energetic. She recently was able to make
delicious dim sum!”

Clarith, since becoming a maid in the Freesis Mansion, was able to bloom her cooking skills. When the
chef had a fever, she made snaks for Ms. Yukina and had unexpected results; she was praised. After that,
she became responsible of making snacks for Ms. Yukina. Occasionally, she would make dim sum for our
visitors.

“Next time, we will come by and bring you Clarith’s delicious stollen”

“I can see being with Clarith makes you really happy. You really like Clarith don’t you?”

Like the face of her daughter, the lady said in a smooth face.

Although she is very clumsy and would always miss the essentials, she is occasionally headstrong. For
me, there is no one who can replace Clarith.
