According to Elluka’s interpretations, her “Purple” dreams will always come true. We can only accept it
and decide on our future actions.

“Michaela, the only way to guarantee your safety is to return yourself into a forest spirit. It would faster
if I could do it myself but the current situation is not in our favor. You must go north from Aceid to a
magical place in the Evillious region(?). If you are there, you should be able to use magic. I’ll teach a
simple reincarnation method and…”

“I’m fine”

“……eh?”

I have decided. An image of Clarith’s face emerged from my head. I decided to Elluka.

“I do not want to revert back into a spirit. I have decided to live on as a human. I do not want to leave
the important people around me”

I finally said it. I was surprised she didn’t get angry… or because there was no response from the other
side. Is the onion broken? As I leaned in and listened more carefully, I heard Elluka crying. She suddenly
buzzed:

“Ah~~~ Enough! You are all fools! Rilliane, Marlon’s king, Allen and LeonHart too! Everyone is an idiot!”

I heard Elluka’s bursting sound as well as the voice of person comforting her.

Soon the sound stopped. I heard a voice, not from Elluka but a nostalgic voice.

“Michaela, long time no see. Gumillia here”

“Gumillia!... I’m sorry I said some wayward words”

Because I only hear sounds, it was difficult to tell her feelings. She doesn’t seem to be angry.

“Because it is something Michaela has to do, I will not ask for a reason. I’m fine with whatever you will
to do. I also learned a lot after being a human so I can somewhat understand your feelings”

“…… Thank you, Gumillia”

“I have also decided. If Michaela wants to stay as a human, then I also don’t want to revert back into a
spirit”

“Ah Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha!?” Screams from Elluka was heard from far away.
