At the back door, Mrs. Freesis was waiting for us, holding a cloak.

“Put this on to cover your hair. Your escape might get obscured by your hair… be careful”

She said and handed the coat to me. Mr. Keel went to her side.

“I will not say good bye for this is not the last time we shall meet. You have to come back and work
yes?”

Mrs. Freesis started wiping her tears(?).

We left the Freesis Mansion through the backdoor quietly. Mr. Keel told us where to go.

✿Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Yatski Village”

If I had an opportunity to see hellish scene, this would be it.

Being together with Clarith, I have learned a lot of human virtues. Now, however, human stupidity and
relentless cruelty is being demonstrated right in front of me.

During our flight from Aceid, we saw female corpses scattered around the city. Even if they do not
resist, for as long as you are a green-haired woman, Lucifenia soldiers will slaughter you.

We were walking through Aceid Northern Region’s hidden underground passage to get to the western
region which is not far from the cliff near Yatski Village.

It’s has been eight months since we fled from Yatski village.

Most of the houses were destroyed. I saw corpses of people I knew being stacked around. Carla was
good as sewing, the big eater(?) Hannah, Chelsea, our neighbor and the one’s with loaded pockets(?),
Alma and Barbara. The bodies were mostly female and the males were dressed in Elphegort Army
uniform. Did the men leave the village? Or were captured by Lucifenia?

Seeing man destroying things he built… This feeling of disgust that brings me to tears. The disgust I have
for Rilliane whose only interest is territorial expansion.

“The house we used to live…”

Clarith whispered. The house we lived together with Clarith’s mother; a home full of memories.

Miraculously, the house was alright. Although the interior was turned upside down, it wasn’t destroyed
or burnt down; it was the same as we left it.
