My voice was shaking and I became speechless. Clarith was clinging on my shoulder.

“Michaela, can you hold as tight as before?”

“If I do, would you still continue your plan?”

Clarith did not answer. She just quietly pulled me over with open arms, tightly holding us together.

“Michaela’s body is very warm. I’m able to feel at ease”

Her head was on my shoulder. She suddenly pushed me and stared at my face.

“Michaela, I love you”

Clarith scraped her lips, overlapping with mine.

I felt around, Ein only gasped. I only obeyed Clarith with no resistance at all. With her big eyes and short
eye lashes, everything about her was lovely.

After a while, Clarith pulled the distance between us.

“Clarith… I… always for you…”

My view of Clarith’s face suddenly became blurry. I became sleepy. In my dim consciousness, Clarith’s
voice became so distant.

“Clarith… what did you…”

“I just slip a sleeping pill my mother used to use that I found in the house. Thank you Ein… Hideout…
Michaela… Brought…”

The voices became blurry. I fell into a deep sleep.

✿Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Millennium Tree Forest • Well”

I woke up and found myself inside the well.

South-East from the Millennium Tree Forest, there was a small well. As a forest spirit, I could sense
some traces of human life in here. I never would have thought there was hidden room here.

There was a horizontal iron bared window and I was lying on bed. The place was basically deserted.
There was a used first aid kit on the table.
