This was the day before Mei’s corpse was found, midday.

Kayo had been heading to the soba shop at the bottom of the hill. She was there to deliver some goods she’d been commissioned to make.

I remember vividly that on that day the sakura trees along the hillside were in beautiful, full bloom.

Just as she had passed Soukyou Bridge and stepped onto the middle road, Kayo saw a certain man there.

It was the owner of the Miroku shop, Kai.

At that time, he was not alone. There was a beautiful woman next to him, wearing a kimono that suited her quite well.

That was his wife, Mei.

The two of them must have been out on some business together. Or else they were enjoying a stopping point in their work. Whatever the case, there was nothing out of the ordinary in them being together, being husband and wife.

–But that didn’t seem to be the case for Kayo.

The moment that she saw Kai walking shoulder to shoulder with another woman, she was rooted to the spot, as though petrified.

After standing in a stupor for a moment, she turned heel and fled the spot as though running away.

Kayo’s expression in that instant…It was the sort of thing I can’t adequately describe with my limited vocabulary.

She shed no tears, and it didn’t feel quite like anger. Naturally, she wasn’t smiling either.

If I had to say…It was like that of a “devil”…I think that might be a good descriptor.

That was the first time I had ever seen Kayo look like that.

I was concerned about her, but I decided to observe the Miroku couple a little bit longer.

Ever since I had seen him before, I couldn’t help but feel there was something suspicious about this man named Kai.

The pair continued to walk through the middle road. In the opposite direction of the Miroku shop.

Just as they had passed from the center of town and the amount of passers-by had lessened, Mei suddenly spoke up to Kai.

“…That scar is still on your hand, huh?”

Mei had caught sight of the burn scar on Kai’s left hand.

“Yeah, looks so…What’s wrong? Why bring it up now?’

“Oh no, I just wish that it would heal up properly already. Given that my father was looking after it.”

“There’s no need to go bother your father over this. I can still move my fingers without problem, like this.” Kai opened and closed his hand to show Mei. “It’s not like I’m some girl looking to get married. There’s no point getting worried about a little burn scar.”

“All the same…”

“A lot of people died in that great fire. We should be thanking god that I only suffered this much.”

“…Four years ago.”

“Hm?”
Mei looked up at Kai with a slightly frightened expression on her face.

“I’ve always wondered what you were doing outside on that night…Despite the fact that you’re always cooped up in the house doing work—”

“That’s why I was out. Staying inside all the time makes me want to go out and see the scenery every now and then. But I’m not good in places that have a lot of people. So I went out at nighttime, when the foot traffic was lower. …Well, it’s because of me tottering up the hill like that that I wound up getting caught in the fire.”

“…”

“Anyway, you, Miku, and Rin were safe, since you were in the house. Fortunately the fire didn’t cross the river. I’m grateful for that at least.”

“…But a lot of people died.”

“—You look ill, Mei. It’s gotten a lot warmer, but even so it’ll be chilly when the sun goes down. …We should probably head home,” Kai said, turning around.

But Mei said to Kai’s back, “Ah, actually…I have someplace I have to go later…”

“…The foreign trading house? Is that small middle-aged woman still shouting something about a mermaid?”

“Oh, how do you know about that?”

“I went up there in your place once when you had a cold. I heard it then. …You’re not honestly helping her search for a mermaid, are you?”
“Ha ha ha, of course not. I’m just going there today to take her order.”

“That’s fine, then…Sorry that you have to spend time with a foreigner.”

“Oh no…It’s not all that terrible for me.”

It seemed to me that Kai really hated pureblooded foreigners with no Jakokuan genes at all, like Perrier. Judging by his blue hair he must have some foreign ancestry himself, so this was puzzling.

The two of them returned to Soukyou Bridge, and then said their goodbyes. Kai then went home to the Miroku shop, and Mei went up to the hill to the Freezis Trading House.
