By the time Mei was on her way back home, it was already the dead of night.

I don’t know why she was heading home so late. Perhaps the business meeting at the trading house had taken longer than expected, or perhaps what she’d said to Kai had been a lie, and she really was out hunting for a mermaid with Perrier and her cohorts…At any rate, she was heading to the Miroku shop around midnight.

At that time, I—the scissors that I dwell in, were with Kayo.

We were not at the tailor shop. Right at that point, Kayo was lying in wait for Mei in a corner of the middle road.

She had rushed out with scissors in hand, dashing ahead to this point after seeing Mei pass by before the tailor shop.

Hidden behind the soba shop as she was, once Kayo confirmed that it was Mei approaching, she leisurely walked out before her.

Mei’s eyes widened at this person having suddenly appeared, but immediately realized that it was Kayo.

“…Well, Kayo-san. Long time no see. What are you doing out so late, in a place like this?” Mei spoke up cordially. But I could see a hint of tension in her eyes. I suppose that wasn’t entirely unreasonable, suddenly running into someone so far into the night, even if they were an acquaintance.

Kayo made no answer to Mei’s question, wordlessly bridging the gap between them. And then she brought out the western scissors that she had hidden away.

Western scissors are actually made up of two parts that have blades, and a screw at the fulcrum that holds them together. The blades each press together, and it is by scraping together that they fulfill their role.

The woman who had been Kayo’s mother once told her that they were just like a married couple in harmony.

But at the point in time, Kayo had removed the screw at the fulcrum beforehand, and divided them up into two blades with handles. She had one in her right hand, and one in her left, and held them as one would duel short swords.

Mei seemed to immediately catch on to her murderous intent. She rapidly turned on her heel, and tried to run in the opposite direction to where she had come from.

But Kayo leaped at Mei much faster, and caught her shoulder with her right elbow.

“Someone please—”

Those were Mei’s last words.

In that next moment, the blade Kayo was holding in her left hand brushed past Mei’s neck without a sound.

The moment the blade pulled away, blood gushed from her throat.

No longer able to scream, Mei collapsed to her knees.

The blades that Kayo was carrying were after all mere scissors, and thus were not tools meant for killing people like this. No matter how sharp they were, they could not prove fatal with just a single blow to the neck.

So once Kayo had the fallen Mei pinned down with her feet, she then slashed at her throat with her right blade.

And then, next, with the left blade—

Right, left, right, left—

Over and over, over and over—

At first, Mei showed a bit of resistance.

But her body gradually lost all its strength, and eventually it stopped moving entirely.

Even so, she still appeared to be faintly breathing.

Kayo brought the two blades together in her hands–

And delivered the killing strike into Mei’s chest.

“…I’ve made a mess of such a beautiful kimono,” Kayo murmured, wiping at her blood-soaked face. Naturally, all of the blood had been spray from Mei’s body.

Kayo took off Mei’s red kimono that had been torn up and sullied with blood, and carried it back to her home.

.

Kayo, who had been raised as the daughter of a tailor since birth, should have had no skill in martial arts.

Naturally, this was the first time she had ever killed someone.

I had known Kayo since she was a baby, so of this I am certain.

–So then, how was Kayo able to kill Mei so efficiently?

This is my theory.

That perhaps the person who had swapped bodies with Kayo—

That is, Elluka, had been someone who was proficient in that sort of thing—

“…Hey, hey. Hold on just a second. Don’t go around arbitrarily speculating that someone’s a serial murderer.” Elluka had once more butted into the story midway.

…Am I wrong?

“Just as I appear, I am an intellectual type. Swinging around swords and knives is not my strong suit. …Though, well, I figure that I probably could if I really wanted to.”

You’re saying you’ve never killed anyone?

“…I’ll leave that to your imagination. But—hypothetically, if I were to try to kill someone, I wouldn’t use a bladed instrument. I would pick some other method. Such as my arts that you are so familiar with, or poison or somesuch…Got it?”

Then what about the person whose body it was originally—this woman named “Lukana”?

“I’m fairly sure she was just a tailor too. I imagine she’d never picked up a weapon once in her entire life. …Well, her descendants did end up becoming the Okuto samurai family line, and Kayo is related to them. Perhaps her genes awakened?”

That felt like a bit of a stretch, even as far as theories go. One doesn’t have military prowess just by being related to a warrior family.

I knew that myself quite well.

Elluka then said, tapping the tip of her pen against her notebook, “…The simplest idea I can come up with would be that Kayo was possessed by a demon. People who are possessed by a ‘Demon of Deadly Sin’ are able to sometimes make use of superhuman abilities—When I first heard of the events that Kayo caused, that was what I immediately thought of. …You see, at that time I still thought that one of the ‘Demons of Deadly Sin’, the ‘Demon of Envy’ was residing inside the scissors.”

…But that was not the case.

“The fact that you were the one in the scissors does completely upend my theory.”

…

“—But, well, a different idea has come to mind upon listening to your story.” Elluka grinned. “I’ll need to listen a little more to draw a conclusion. …For now, let’s address the reason Kayo killed Mei. From what I’ve heard, Kayo—thinking that Kai was her husband—saw Mei acting friendly with Kai and assumed that she was his adulterous lover, and thus killed her in a fit of envy—that is what I’m getting out of it.”

…I suppose that’s a good way to put it.

“Such implication in your phrasing. Well…Alright then. Continue.”

Elluka opened her notebook.

I couldn’t read any of the foreign lettering written on there.

She had told me that she was recording my story, but I had no way of verifying for myself if that was true.
