For the first time in quite a while, Bruno Zero was meeting with his former comrades on Gallerian’s estate.

“—The four of us being together like this brings back so many memories,” Hel Jaakko murmured, moved.

Shiro Netsuma and Feng Li gazed at Bruno, neither speaking a word.

“…Well, what’s your reason for expressly gathering us here like this when Gallerian is away from home, Bruno?”

Bruno slowly opened his mouth at Hel’s question. “—It appears that ‘Police Neutrality’ has not received permission to investigate into the sinking of the S.S. Titanis.”

“…Yeah. The World Police quickly wrapped their investigation up as it being a simple accident. Gallerian doubted that, and so suggested that PN do their own inquiry. But the top brass at the Dark Star Bureau unanimously opposed him.”

“I don’t know why. I’m quite certain PN was originally formed as an organization to combat the tyranny of the World Police.”

“That’s just it. PN is the Dark Star Bureau’s trump card. If they don’t play this right, then a confrontation with the World Police will be inevitable. Basically we can’t act solely on the director’s feelings alone, without any proof.”

“And I suppose Gallerian won’t achieve anything through stubbornly pushing on the matter, despite being at the top?”

“It’s not like when Hanma Baldured was in charge. The current bureau isn’t something that can be run like a dictatorship by its director. –It was none other than Gallerian himself who reformed that way of things.”

“…How ironic.”

“In the end, that’s the limits of a front organization.”

“…” Bruno thought for a moment, and then finally he declared to those present, “—Then that means we need something that’s not a ‘front organization’.”
“…?”

“We’ll need to conduct an investigation in secret, and make sure we don’t get caught. That’s something we all did once, long ago.”

But Hel closed her eyes and shook her head. “That might be all well and good for you, given you’re just a mere servant. But the rest of us now stand in very public positions.”

“Hel. Does your becoming eminent…mean that you have lost the deep sense of justice you once carried?”

“…I really—really hate how you put these things, Bruno.”

After that, for a while everyone there grew quiet.

–The first to break the silence was Feng. “I—will help you, Bruno. Without Gallerian I wouldn’t be the person I am today. And if he’s suffering now…then it’s time to repay the favor. –Shiro, what about you?”

When he asked Shiro that, she replied, fidgeting bashfully, “Um…uh…sorry.”

“…What meaning are we supposed to get from that?”

“…I’ll do it. Michelle was such a good girl…”

“—Well, that’s that…Hel, what will you do?”
At Feng’s questioning Hel clicked her tongue, her brows drawing in. “…Agh, enough! I’ll do it! I know I should!”

Upon hearing that reply, Bruno smiled broadly. “Then we are activating ‘Pere Noel’ once more.”

“Man, that name is so nostalgic. Who thought that one up again?”

“You did, Hel. You weren’t coming up with it all that seriously. You took it from the name of a criminal organization from centuries ago. I believe you said that it ‘didn’t matter what we called it, since it was never going to go public anyway’.”

“…That’s right, I did say that.”

“I think we also gave all of the members code numbers, to be more like a secret organization.”

“You took ‘0’ because of your name, and then going by order of when you met everyone…Shiro was ‘1’, I was ‘2’, Feng was ‘3’, and—”

At that point, Hel abruptly turned, as though suddenly sensing something.

“…”

Standing there was Postman.

“—When did you…That’s right, you were ‘4’, weren’t you Postman. …Looking at it now, it all seems so childish.”

“Still…every one of you was extraordinary, considering we all gathered by chance. –With us on the case, I’m sure we’ll manage,” Bruno said, his chest puffing up with pride. “That ship sinking…I’m positive it wasn’t an accident. I can’t help but feel that way. We will find the culprit, and have justice for Mira and Michelle.”

Everyone there nodded to Bruno’s words.
