The members of “Pere Noel” began looking into the truth of the S.S. Titanis sinking.

Two months later, each of them gathered together in a bar in Yatski village in Elphegort.

“’Zeus’?”

Bruno leaned in closer to Hel on the opposite side of the table as he asked about this name that he was clearly unfamiliar with.

“Yeah. It’s the name of a group that controls the slums in Aceid, a town near here. It’s a band of thugs comprised primarily of minors.”

“And what connection does this ‘Zeus’ have with the incident we’re investigating?”

“There’s a rumor going around that they were after the fortune of one Midas Touch, a wealthy man who lives in Aceid. Midas was a financial supporter of the Freezis Conglomerate, but on learning of their recent decline he apparently severed their business relationship. He made plans to withdraw his money from the conglomerate headquarters in Marlon, and then return home. And the ship that he’d been riding on—"

“Was the S.S. Titanis, I presume. If the Freezis Conglomerate was involved, then the World Police must have been all too happy to wrap up the investigation in a hurry.”
“Only, we don’t clearly know if ‘Zeus’ is connected to the Freezis Conglomerate or not. And there is one other bit of relevant information—but Feng was the one who found this out for us.”

Feng, who had been resting on the floor beside Hel, approached Bruno.

“I looked into various leads while I was prowling around the slums…It seems that there’s a member of ‘Zeus’ with a bizarre power whom they call the ‘Beastmaster’.”

“Beastmaster?—Though, we do live in a world where terms like ‘witch’ and ‘dead soldiers’ are matters of political discussion. Even if such a figure exists there’s not really anything bizarre about it.”

“Apparently the members of Zeus were under the impression that I was a beast summoned by this Beastmaster. Thanks to that I was able to eavesdrop on them without any trouble. …What I heard from them was that the S.S. Titanis was sunken by an octopus controlled by the Beastmaster.”

“…As I recall–the first reports in did say something about the S.S. Titanis being attacked by an impossibly large Ziz Tiama right before it could reach the harbor, and that’s why it sank. I could scarcely believe it, but…”

“The Beastmaster generally acts away from the other members of ‘Zeus’. I heard that they live alone in a small hut in the ‘Millenium Tree Forest’ south of here.”

“Hmm…” Bruno appeared deep in thought for a few minutes, and then he declared, appearing to have made a decision,

“Alright. Hel and Feng will converge with our PN units later and capture the members of ‘Zeus’. With just the information we have here we should be able to mobilize them without issue. In the event that there are any problems—just leave it to me, Hel.”
“…You say that so simply. You’ll be taking responsibility if this negatively impacts my career,” Hel agreed to Bruno’s suggestion, heaving a great sigh.

But Feng relayed to Bruno with a stern expression on his face, “Actually…There is one concern.”

“What is it?”

“Gusuma’s figured out what we’re doing.”

“…Including you, there are many among PN’s forces that were once part of the Yarera Zusco Conglomerate’s personal army. I guess it’s expected that he’d catch on. So then, what did vice-president Gusuma—though I guess he’s been promoted to company president by now—have to say?”

“There’s no problems there. Actually, he seemed pleased. But…he gave us one condition in return for his tacit consent. That when we catch the criminal who killed Michelle and Mira, we hand them over to the Yarera Zusco Conglomerate.”

“To Gusuma, this person is the detestable villain who killed his beloved little sister and niece. If we did as he asked…There’s no question that he’ll have them killed.”

“What should we do?”

“…Committing murder is not our goal. We’re going to catch the criminal and have them face the judgment of the law. We’ll have to ignore his request.”

“—Heh.”

“What’s so funny?”

“Nothing…Just that I remembered Gallerian said something similar once. With how long you two have known each other you’ve gotten quite similar, it seems.”

“…Maybe so.” Bruno gave a small smile. “—Shiro, Postman, and I will chase this ‘Beastmaster’ in the forest. Though it sounds like it’s a dangerous place, given its other name is ‘The Forest of Bewilderment’—”

Shiro timidly raised her right hand.

“It’s alright…I…know that forest pretty well.”

“Ah, I thought you might say that. I had heard that this particular forest is considered holy ground to Held devotees.”

“…”

Upon hearing that, Hel started to chide Bruno, “Cut it out. It doesn’t sound like Shiro has a lot of good memories regarding the Held sect.”

“Ah, that’s right…As I recall, after a being treated like a god since childhood because of her face looking similar to a portrait of the founder of the Sisters of Clarith, in the end she was almost sacrificed in a ritual.”

“So…You’re being really insensitive on that point!”
As Hel yelled at him, Bruno broke into a cold sweat.

“S-sorry…My apologies, Shiro.”

“…It’s alright.”

For some reason Shiro’s face had reddened slightly.
