After returning home alone, Gallerian headed to his bedroom without turning on any lights and collapsed upon his bed.

He had let go of the four servants he had once had. Including his old friend Bruno.

He didn’t need them anymore.

Gallerian was the only one living in his home these days.

“Michelle…”

He staggered to his feet and left his bedroom. His destination, as he walked through the hall, was—the room of his late daughter, Michelle.

He opened the door and lit a lamp.

–There was someone else in there besides Gallerian.

The moment he saw her face, Gallerian’s own warped to one of anger.
“…What are you doing in here…Ma!”

Ma was lounging in bed as though she owned the place.

“Yawn…” Ma yawned loudly, sleepily rubbing her eyes. “…Oh my, you’ve finally come home. Welcome back, Gallerian.”

“This is Michelle’s room! You can’t just barge in here!” Gallerian was so maddened with rage that he didn’t even have the wherewithal to chide her for sneaking into his house. “I don’t want Michelle to…My memories of Michelle…for someone like you—”

“—You look dreadful. I can tell you aren’t eating well. Michelle would be so heartbroken to see her father like this.”

“Don’t you dare speak of her so flippantly!”

“Oh dear, how frightening you are. Do try to calm down a little—I have something I would like to speak with you about today, regarding Michelle.”

“…What is it?” Having regained at least a little bit of his composure at last, Gallerian sat down in a nearby chair. “The fact that you chose to come here in the middle of the night like this…This better be good.”

“—You do recall…what we discussed before, about the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’, yes?”

“Yeah…Those items that demons dwell in, that were written of in the ‘Daughter of Evil’ book you gave to me.”

Just as he said, Gallerian had learned of the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’ when he had read of them showing up in the story of the “Daughter of Evil”.
There were seven total in the world, and they each had a different demon dwelling inside them. Those who made contracts with these demons obtained various benefits to their bodies and spirits, but without exception all of them eventually came to receive an unhappy end.

Great “sins” always held a commensurate “punishment”—so it goes.

Right before the S.S. Titanis had sunk, Ma had suggested that Gallerian collect these “Vessels of Deadly Sin”. She had also informed him that once he had all seven, they would grant any wish.

At the time, Gallerian had no unattainable wishes. So he had all too quickly rejected her suggestion.

–But what about now?

“One of those ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’ is now—in my possession,” Ma said, bringing out a small blue spoon. “The ‘Marlon Spoon’—the spoon in which dwells the ‘Demon of Greed’, which debuted in the story of the ‘Daughter of Evil’.”

“Those who contract with it are said to obtain an enormous fortune—There is one other thing I remember, hearing that name. It came up in my mother’s trial records. One of her charges was that she had stolen it from the home of Mata Corpa—Hey, wait a second!”

Gallerian stood up, agitated.

“What’s wrong?”

“That should be in the Dark Star Bureau’s storerooms! How do you have it now!?”

“I stole it,” Ma said nonchalantly.
“You stole it…That’s a crime—”

“It’s fine, no one’s going to figure it out.”

“I learned about it, just now! And I’m the director of the Dark Star Bureau!”

“Then overlook it.”

“Like I could do that!”

“I guess it can’t be helped…Well then, I return it to you, Sir Director,” Ma said, holding out the spoon to Gallerian.

“…I can’t accept this. It’s not my property.”

“No. It’s yours from now on. You’ll need it, you see.”

“What are you—” Gallerian had moved to shove the spoon back in her hands, but before he knew it he had grabbed it and was gazing at it as though entranced. “…What is this? This bewitching sensation? It’s clear that this has a bizarre power…But it doesn’t feel to me like it has anything sinister like a demon inside it.”

“You’re exactly right. There is no longer a demon inside of this article. You can no longer become rich by contracting with it.”

“Then that makes this little more than a simple spoon now?”
“No. A different being is inside it, in the demon’s place.”

“And that would be…what?”

“—‘Adam’. The remains of the husband of the original sinner, who has wandered about for ages. This soul that has always searched for the one that he loves will surely grant your wish for you.”

“My…wish…”

“And I—don’t need to ask what that is.” Ma smiled suspiciously. “A contract with ‘Adam’ is very simple—You need only offer yourself up to the radiance of his soul…Come, Gallerian. You alone must decide.”

“I…I could…see Michelle again—”

“–Decide now! Gallerian Marlon!”

And—

Gallerian made his choice.

.

I don’t need to make any wagers here.

That choice—was a mistake, Gallerian.

.
The next day.

Arriving at Gallerian’s estate, Bruno slammed the door to the entrance open without ringing the doorbell.

“Are you in, sir!? I have some news I’d like to report to you right away!”

Though there was no reply, Bruno went deeper into the house.

Gallerian was in the middle of reading a book in his study.

“Oh, if it isn’t Bruno. What’s wrong? You’re in such a state—”

“It’s about the sinking of the S.S. Titanis! We were able to capture the culprit yesterday!”

“What’d you just say!? Is this true?”

“Yes, we’re certain. The sinking was perpetrated intentionally by a band of ruffians in Elphegort. All the members involved, including the one directly responsible, have been secured by PN.”

“PN? –I hadn’t heard that they were investigating into this matter…”

Bruno’s face abruptly clouded. “…You have my apologies, sir. In truth, I had them mobilize behind the scenes—Shiro, Hel, and Feng are not culpable in this matter. It was all done by me.”

“Is that right…That sounds like you.” Gallerian smiled kindly, as though to console Bruno. “Thank you, Bruno. Relax—the Dark Star Bureau isn’t going to be charging PN on this matter. Naturally—we won’t be charging you, either.”

“Sir…”
“Whatever the case, this is good news. Now…my wife can rest in peace.”

“That’s true, I’m very—” As Bruno had begun to shed tears of gratitude, his expression suddenly grew stiff.

He had realized.

That there was something off about what Gallerian had just said.

.

Gallerian had said, “my wife can rest in peace”.

Not, “my wife and daughter”.

.

“Ah, that’s right. I do have something I’d like to speak with you about,” Gallerian said, clapping his hands together. “I was wondering if you would be able to return to work for me as a servant.”

“Y-yes…Of course I will…I’d be more than happy to.”

“I see, excellent. Leaving aside days when I’m off, it makes me a bit anxious to leave her by herself when I’m at work. I’d feel much better if you were with her.”

“…What are you…saying…sir…?”

“We’ve had to call off her enrollment in Levin University as a result of the after-effects of her accident. She can’t move her legs, so she won’t be able to walk around outside either. I imagine she’ll be quite bored every day. I was hoping you could be someone for her to talk to, Bruno.”

“…Please…Come to your senses…Gallerian…Your daughter…Michelle is…”

Tears were beginning to trickle down Bruno’s cheeks.

They were not tears of joy that they had captured a criminal.

They were tears of sorrow, that his dear friend had been broken.

“Hey, Michelle. Rejoice. Bruno has come back to us.”

Gallerian stood, smiling, and started to head for the room that had belonged to Michelle.

Bruno followed after him.

–And when he saw what was inside, an expression of shock came to his face.

“That doll was in the forest—How did it end up here!?”

The doll that looked like Michelle was sitting prim and proper on the bed.

Gallerian started to talk to it.

“Yes, you must be very happy, Michelle. Ha ha ha, I know how much you like Bruno.”

“…”

“Your papa knows the truth. That your first love was actually—Hey hey, don’t blush so hard. Haha, I’m sorry. You’re right. I shouldn’t say that right in front of him…What’s that?”

“…”

“Oh no, well, that is true. You’re free to fall in love. But there’s an order to everything, you know. Once you’ve grown up a little more—”
“…”

“Huh, you’re saying I’m too old-fashioned? I don’t think that’s true. Just because something is new doesn’t mean that it’s good, Michelle. Look, even the dress that you like so much is based on a design that was originally made over a century ago.”

“…”

“You’re saying that’s a different matter entirely? Oh no, they’re not different at all. There’s this old saying in law. ‘Not every piece of limestone has a diamond in it’.”

“…”

“Ah, that’s right. We talked about this before. But there’s value in discussing Mussel Mean’s law theory any number of times. In 876, Mussel–”

“…”

“Okay, okay. We’ll give that a rest for now. Let’s talk about what I’m giving you as presents for your next birthday.”

“…”

“Huh? A wineglass, a spoon, a mirror, sewing scissors, and a sword!? That’s quite a lot. Your papa doesn’t actually have a very high salary. I was surprised myself, when I first became director. I can see now why Hanma Baldured loved bribes so much. And what would you even use a sword for in the first place?”

“…”
“If it’s for cooking I would think you could just use a knife.”

“…”

“Jakokuan swords cut differently!? Who told you something like that?”

“…”

“Ah, so it was Ma. I don’t know how far you can trust the things she says. Although I actually find that kind of cute about her…Er, don’t tell your mama I said that! Ah, that’s right. Mama’s dead now, isn’t she. Then it’s fine.”

“…”

“Oh no, I understand how you feel. But being married isn’t such a simple thing. In her case—"

.

Gallerian continued to talk.

On and on.

On and on.

To a doll that made no reply.
