✥ Kyle ~In the Lucifenian
Palace, “The Heavenly Yard”~

That night, I finished with all of my work and went to
the garden for some relaxation.

The garden in the Lucifenian palace boasted a size unlike
any kind seen in the whole of Evillious. You could say that it was a symbol of
the power that the former Lucifen dynasty held.

Come to think of
it, what’s happened to Yukina?

After our meeting I had caught glimpses of her
occasionally in the palace. She looked to have been writing something down in her notebook while
exploring various areas. Had she already gone back home?

Though if that was
the case, she ought to have given me notice that she was leaving, me being the
king.

Right then, I heard a shout from behind the largest fountain in
the garden.

“THIS IS A
DRAMATIC FOUNTAIN!”

Speak of the devil; there she was. So she hadn’t returned
home yet after all.

“You’re quite spirited, Yukina.”

“Ah–Mister Kyle! I mean uh, Your Majesty!”

“Just ‘Kyle’ is fine. We’re not in public.”

“Oh goodness, the palace is so large that I
completely missed how late it was getting while I was exploring it!”

Perhaps because of how much she was enjoying herself,
Yukina spoke innocently, as though having lapsed back to when she was a child.
She suddenly started writing in her notebook, seeming to have remembered
something.

“Are you making a note on some idea you have in
there?” I asked, pointing to the black notebook that she held.

“Yep. My mom gave me this for my ninth birthday.
It’s a treasure I value more than my own life.”

She treasured it, huh? …I couldn’t tell from her speech
whether or not that was because she’d gotten it from her mother, or because it
had so many good ideas in it now.

“Treasure, hm? I have plenty of those.”

“What I’d expect of a king. Of course you’d have
lots of treasures. You should show me some, if you want.”

“Ah, alright. First, how about this one?”

I took out my hand mirror from my pocket and showed it to
Yukina.

“That mirror doesn’t look all that valuable, for
something a king would own.”

“Ha ha ha. Nothing less than I’d expect of Keel’s
daughter. Being able to ascertain the price of something at a glance must be
your strong point.”

Yukina flushed, likely embarrassed at having made an
appraisal of someone else’s property so quickly.

“What an uncouth thing for a lady to say…My
apologies.”

“Well, you aren’t mistaken in that this is a cheap
mirror. Even so, it’s a treasure to me.”

“Why is that?”

“It’s just like your notebook. My mother gave it to
me when I was young.”

I might have been young then, but it did seem a little
inappropriate to give such a cheap hand mirror as a present to a boy–and the
prince of a country, no less. But my mother was a sophisticated woman, so she
probably didn’t pay much mind to little things like that.

Even so, I valued this hand mirror. Even after my animosity
towards my mother had strengthened, I couldn’t part with it.

If I were to throw it away, then I would lose the last
connection between me and my mother. Though I refused her, though I had wanted
to get away from her, I couldn’t go against my fear of losing that connection.
If I might say so myself I thought that they were rather contradictory
feelings.

“I see…Do you always carry that mirror around with
you?”

“Aside from at night, when I’m sleeping.”

“Yes, I’d think it would be pretty terrible if you
were to roll over in your sleep and crack it.”

There was another reason I carried it around. Once,
before–it was probably around four years ago by now–some burglars had invaded
the palace looking for it.

Those burglars had sought nothing else but the mirror. Normally
I would just laugh them off as fools with no taste.

But thinking on that strange voice that I could hear from
it, and the true identity of the burglars–those two women–it seemed that this
mirror could probably have some special secret to it.

“What other treasures do you have?”

“Ah, I have another one–actually I’m wearing it
right now. It’s a treasure I value even more than the mirror.”

“Sounds exciting. What in the world is it?”

Yukina looked at me with eyes full of anticipation.

“However, I can’t show it to you, Yukina.”

“You’re terrible! Making me wait after making such a
big deal about it!”

I
felt the slightest bit of pity, watching Yukina splutter with indignation, but
even so I resolved to not elaborate on what the other treasure was. I would
show her when she had become a little more mature, and when I was able to put my
own feelings in order.

I gazed at the western sky, and saw that the sun had
dipped half below the horizon.

I abruptly asked Yukina on something that was concerning
me.

“By the way, where do you plan to stay tonight? Are
you living at the Corpa mansion?”

“No, I’ve rented a room at an inn back in Rolled, so
I was going to go back there.”

“Rolled, hm?… Public order hasn’t been very well
maintained over there as of late. I wouldn’t advise staying there for a
daughter of the Freezis family, of all people.”

“Don’t worry. I’m already quite used to it.”

“You’re used to it?”

“Ah! I mean, uh…”

Yukina flusteredly shut up, probably because she’d just
been careless in her speech. With the way she was carrying on now it was a
wonder she had been able to travel safely for the past year.

“Since you’re already here, you can stay at the
palace for tonight.”

“I can?”

“We have a plethora of rooms here, in any case. I’ll
have some prepared for you and your servants.”

“I’m glad! Well then, I graciously accept your
offer, Your Majesty.”

I ordered the servants to prepare rooms for Yukina and
her guests.

They silently bowed their heads, and each went to their
respective rooms.

And that night, an unusual event occurred.
