✥ Kyle ~In the Lucifenian
Palace, “Corridor”~

The Hall of Mirrors, the Hall of Sounds, the galley, the
garden, the servant’s quarters…

We searched all the locations the burglars could have run
to, but didn’t find them.

“It seems none of the other soldiers have discovered
them either.”

Clive returned, clad in his armor.

“Where haven’t we looked yet?”

“There’s the rooms of the high official ministers.
They’re all still sleeping, so we’re in the middle of waking them up, one by
one.”

There was the explosion earlier, and there was the ruckus
the soldiers were making. Could anyone really sleep through that?

“Maybe they’re pretending to be asleep.”

They probably didn’t want to get involved in any
disputes. What damned goldbricks.

“At any rate, it’s hard to imagine they’d be
sheltering the burglars.”

“We can’t be too sure. She’s Keel’s daughter, so
maybe…hm.”

The servants who apparently still couldn’t quite grasp
the situation were anxiously inquiring into the state of things from the room.
That was understandable. We seldom had burglars entering the palace. The last
time the palace had been invaded–Yes, that’s right. That had been when those
two sorceresses had suddenly appeared in my bedroom.

Elluka and Gumillia–back then, they’d come here seeking
the mirror that I–

I see. So that’s
how it is.

I recalled the conversation I’d had with Yukina in the
garden.

“Do you always
carry that mirror around with you?”

“Aside from at night, when I’m
sleeping.”

That mirror was not currently on my person.

I had left it in my room.

“Have you checked my bedroom?” I asked Clive.
He shook his head.

“No. There’s always guards stationed at the
entrance, so they wouldn’t be able to just enter Your Majesty’s room on their
own…”

“Let’s go. The burglars are probably–”

Boom!

Before I could finish speaking, another explosion rang
out. It was coming from the direction of my room.

“…Seems the iron masked women have realized it as
well.”

“Indeed. Sounds like my bed is going to be pretty
singed, too.”
