✥ Kyle ~At the Lucifenian
Palace, “The Stables”~

The secret passage led out to the stables.

Standing in there was the Almoga Mobarez–that other
masked servant–and Yukina, who was looking my way in surprise.

Had Germaine been stalling to give them time to steal the
hand mirror and escape?

Once I confirmed for myself that Yukina was gripping it
in her right hand, I leapt at her.

“Gah!”

I stole back the mirror.

Give over
everything.

Give over everything to your
feelings.

–I calmed down.

It was alright, I was not mistaken.

“You look a bit out of sorts, Mister Kyle.”

“It’s a serious illness. His heart is, totally
dependent on the demon,” the masked servant–her true identity probably
being Gumillia–murmured with a scornful voice.

I asked her, “A demon? What are you talking about?”

“You haven’t even, become aware of, the existence of
the demon? You are a hopeless fool, as ever.”

And she had her
rude behavior, as ever.

“There is a demon, here. And you, are being taken
over by it.”

“What nonsense are you…I haven’t been taken over by
any demon!”

Yukina looked my way as though she was going to say
something. Her elbow was a little skinned–perhaps because she’d fallen when I
leapt at her just a minute ago.

“Are you okay, Yukina? Sorry for being so rough
there.” Thinking that I could have a more constructive conversation with
Yukina than that just-shy-of-being-a-fake sorceress, I spoke to her instead.

“You look unwell. Your skin looks a bit
swarthy.”

“It’s nothing…Rather, I feel better than ever.”

“Mr. Kyle…I myself don’t really know whether or not
demons exist. But I think that you’ve
still…changed a little bit over these five years.”

“Nothing’s changed. I am as I’ve always been.”

“The old Kyle did not favor dispute. You weren’t the
kind of man who would recklessly start wars with other countries for territory
expansion…Who would take these sort of political measures.”

That wasn’t true. And this was just a trend of the times.
This was a period when I had to make my country stronger. Yukina was still
young, so perhaps she didn’t understand that.

“Are the policies currently in Marlon really your
own will, Mr. Kyle?”

Of course. They were things that I decided.

It wasn’t anyone else. It wasn’t the will of a demon
either.

I’m–I’m the one making the decisions. I am correct. I am just.

…I felt sick. I was losing my composure again.

The mirror.

I have to touch the mirror.

Give over
everything.

Give over everything to your
feelings.

Yes. I’ll give over everything.

Everything, to my feelings.

Am I dependent on a demon?

No, I don’t think so.

It’s the opposite. The demon is dependent on me.

I will take over the demon.

When I do, I’ll be able to become my true self—

“Ah…Aaah…”

Yukina was stunned. What was surprising her like that?

Was she afraid at the sight of me…?

“–! Things have taken a bad turn.”

Gumillia was trying to do something.

Was that a spell? Was that her favored magic?

No, you need to mind your own business!

I waved my right hand. As I did so, Gumillia’s body flew
into the air.

I quickly waved my left hand this time. Gumillia’s body
struck against the ground.

Oh, wonderful. When did I get a power like that? How
interesting. Let me try something else.

I waved my right wing. A strong wind blew, and Gumillia
was thrown against the wall.

…Wing?

I have wings now. Wings attached to my body.

Perhaps now, I can fly through the sky as well?

I experimentally flapped my wings, and my body gently
floated upwards. I gradually, steadily moved higher.

This
is wonderful. I’m flying!

Ah, Yukina. Don’t look at me with those eyes, please.
Don’t look at me with those frightened eyes, as though you’re looking at a
monster.

I feel good today. I’ll fly somewhere far away.

Where am I going?

Right now maybe I can go to where Michaela is.

There was a beautiful full moon tonight.

On a night like this a demon flying through the air
wouldn’t be out of place.

Flying to somewhere far away.

Far away.

Far away.
