His aim… just like mine… is revenge.

“Germaine! Isn’t this a problem? Are you not discontented with this guy?”

I can’t keep up with this. York pointed his finger at me.

“Yes… I don’t have any special discontent. It’s hard to say…”

I approached the masked man. Gently touching his mask.

“This mask and your face are not proportional, Mr masked man”

After hearing this, he stepped back with a surprised face:

“…… You found out? You discovered my identity?”

“Probably, but never mind. Whatever your purpose is, for as long as you are helping us, is not a bad thing. York, do you understand?”

“Well, if Germaine says so, then I’ll forget about it”

York had an unconvinced face, but he accepted it.

“Ah, right. At least tell us your name. We can’t just call you “masked man””

“…… Please call me Kachess”

“Is that your real name? Never mind…… Back to the topic. How about our materials?”

Sekka stretched her side then said:

“Keel Freesis has given us a lot of things. All of the members of the revolutionary army has been given a weapon. But…”

Suddenly, a knock on the door.

“It’s me. Open the door”

York opened the door. It was the blacksmith who housed our materials.

“It is done; the weapons and armour you need”

We took the prop from his hand.

“This… This is great”

The masked man… Kachess gave a sigh.

This blacksmith was the one responsible for making the weapons of the three great heroes. He expresses his hope by dedicating himself to
forging weapons for the revolutionary army.

I took the weapons from his hands. One was a small decorative sword, at a glance; I knew it was much sharper to date. The other one was
armour. The chest and shoulder part had bright red lion decorated patterns. This is……
