“I’m beaten…Even though I’d been hiding so well up to now.”

Isabel—or rather, ‘Seventh, Magician’, Yuzette Ora put back on the clothes that she’d been taking off.

“Traitors—must die!”

Lemy rapidly closed in on Yuzette, and prepared to stab his knife into her chest.

“Ghu!?”

She probably figured she wouldn’t be able to dodge. Yuzette had grabbed the knife’s blade with her right hand.

Blood trickled from that hand.

Lemy tried to bring the knife down with all his strength, but as his quarry resisted much more strongly than he’d thought, it didn’t work.

He tugged his knife from Yuzette’s hold and temporarily readjusted his stance.

“Did you think this would go so easily? I was your mother’s apprentice for a time, you know.”

Yuzette crouched down on the spot, and pulled out a sword that she’d been hiding under the bed.

“—You’ve got a sword.”

Lemy readied his defenses. He hadn’t faced off against someone with a weapon since Ton.

“You shouldn’t assume I’m like the other prostitutes up to now. …But relax. I’m a novice when it comes to swords. I’m not going to use this as a weapon. The correct usage of the ‘Venom Sword’ is—like so.”

Yuzette’s eyes began to flash suspiciously.

.

–She had once adored ‘First, Santa Claus’, Julia Abelard.

When Yuzette first met Julia, there were still only two members of Pere Noel. Julia, and Mayrana Blossom, her apprentice.

Sorcerers—when she met those two, for the first time Yuzette learned that such beings truly did exist.

Yuzette’s life until that point had been extremely monotonous, and full of nothing but that which was boring to her. Those days, she’d helped out in her parents’ job as fishermen in a rustic port town…Her boyfriend was also a fisherman. If things had gone on as planned, Yuzette would have married him and spent the rest of her life in the same town where she’d been born and raised.

Yuzette had decided to run away from home, and join Julia and Mayrana on their journey. She also studied magic, but unfortunately was unable to become a sorceress. It seemed that she didn’t have that innate talent. In the end, Yuzette was cast out by Julia, and left behind midway through the journey.

Sometime later, after Yuzette had started making a living as a fortune teller, Julia once more appeared before her.

She had given her a sword. The Venom Sword—Yuzette had already known then that it was a “Vessel of Deadly Sin”. Contract with a demon—that was the condition that Julia had put forward for Yuzette to become part of her group again.

.

“Lemy. You say that I am a traitor. But you’re mistaken. I was the one who was betrayed…by ‘First, Santa Claus’. I showed her nothing but loyalty, even contracting with a demon for her. And in return, she has simply cast me aside.”

The sparkling in Yuzette’s eyes increased.

It was obvious what she was doing.

He had to kill her before that—yet despite knowing this, somehow Lemy couldn’t move, as though his body was paralyzed.

“And yet, I have no intention of baring my fangs at her. I owe her too much, and besides—to this world, she may very well be ‘evil’. A woman with a secret position as the founder of a criminal organization. But…I know. The true intentions of her ‘evil’. And if they would call her evil—then just what is evil, anyway?”

“I don’t…really get what…you’re saying.”

Though he tried to reply, he couldn’t speak well, slurring the words.

His head was pretty hazy.

“What she’s trying to do—I would like to see the world after she does it. But even I value my life. So…I’d like you to let me go. I will live alone from now on. Holding close to me what I have learned from Santa Claus.”

Yuzette spoke firmly.

Ah…this woman…was so beautiful.

“…Seems like it’s working on you. That’s fine, Lemy. You don’t want to kill me anymore, do you?”

“…No.”

Lemy slowly drew closer to Yuzette with a loitering gait.

“Do you want me? That’s fine, come here. I will—embrace you.”

Obeying her words, Lemy darted to Yuzette’s chest.

“I…want…you…”

“Hahaha, what a cute boy. I’ll make you feel real good now.”

Yuzette gently patted Lemy’s head.

“I want…I…”

“Yes, yes.”

“I want…I want your—”

.

–Your life!

.

The slack expression on Lemy’s face rapidly switched to something sharper.

“–!? Ghu…”

Yuzette shoved Lemy away.

A silver knife—was thrust deeply into her chest.

And there, Yuzette fell forward on the spot.

“It can’t be…Why didn’t it work!? The power of the ‘Demon of Lust’…I should…be able to make any man do as I wish using it…”

“Are you stupid? Did you think that woman would send Lemy to your side without any counter-measures? Ha ha ha ha ha ha!”
Lemy cackled as he looked down on Yuzette.

His tone was very clearly different from how it had been before.

“The power of ‘Lust’ only works on the ‘opposite sex’ of the contractor. The late Duke Venomania was killed by that too. I can’t imagine you didn’t know about that, considering you’re that woman’s apprentice.”

“Lemy was…a woman!? …No, that’s not it…Augh…the wound’s not healing up.”

Yuzette pulled out the knife that had been stabbed into her and threw it aside.

Blood gushed from her chest.

Purple blood, proof of her contract with the Demon of Lust.

“As I recall, Santa Claus gave him ‘The Glass of Conchita’…So then you…You in Lemy right now…Are the ‘Demon of Gluttony’…No, perhaps…Yes, you are…her servant…”

“Relax, Yuzette. I, Lemy, and ‘my lord’ will see the path the world takes. You should take a little rest…at the bottom of hell.”

The light left Yuzette’s eyes.

.

“Seventh, Magician” Yuzette Ora

Her life of twenty-eight years came to end in a brothel in Rolled.
.

–When Lemy came back to his senses, Yuzette was already dead at his feet.

Something like this had happened before. With Ton. He’d killed someone without being conscious of it back then as well.

Yuzette was dead face down, purple blood flowing from her. Upon lifting her corpse up a little, he could see that there was a knife wound in her chest.

So he had killed her after all. It was annoying that he couldn’t remember his own response, but at any rate, he’d been able to complete his goal.

Lemy picked up his own knife that had landed nearby, as well as the Venom Sword that Yuzette had been holding onto.

That sword is the ‘treasure’ that Julia was talking about, Ney explained to him, knowledgeable as always.

Now he just had to run away.

Hold on a sec.

Ney stopped Lemy just as he was about to jump out the window.

There’s a witness. The owner of the brothel…You’ve gotta erase her too.

“…Do I really need to kill someone who’s not involved?”

Bit late for that now. Don’t you remember all the prostitutes you’ve killed?

“That was to find ‘Seventh, Magician’. But I’ve already completed my objective.”
You can get caught if you want. But that might be inconvenient for you to be of any use to Julia after this, don’t you think?

“…I guess so.”

Lemy wiped the blood off his knife. It seemed he still had one more job to do today.

Oh? Looks like she’s coming over here herself.

When Lemy turned, he saw a woman in a wheelchair by the entrance to the room.

The woman looked a little young to be the owner of a brothel. She seemed around the same age as Julia and Yuzette.

“—So you’ve killed her.”

There was neither unrest nor fear in her expression. She looked both at Yuzette’s corpse and Lemy, covered in her blood, with a calm face.

“I’ve gotta have you go the same way,” Lemy said, closing the distance between them.

She was in a wheelchair. It seemed she couldn’t use her legs.

She wouldn’t give him much trouble.

“Kill me? That’d be a bit of a bother. I don’t want to die yet.”

“You’re surprisingly calm about this. Maybe you think there’s no way a kid like me could kill you? Unfortunately, you’re mistaken.”

He drew up to the owner and looked down at her.

When Lemy went to raise his knife.

He heard a “voice” telling him to stop.

–Hold it, Lemy.

“…What is it? Weren’t you the one who told me to kill her, Ney?”

She’s behaving really differently, so I didn’t notice it right away. …But you can’t kill this one. I don’t think you can win.

The owner chuckled.

“So there’s another person in there—It’s been a long time, Ney.”

Can she hear my voice!? …No, that’s impossible. She must have heard you say my name and made a guess on her own.

However, even if it had been a guess, this was the first time Lemy had met anyone outside of Julia who believed that “Ney” existed.

“Do you know her, Ney?”

…Yeah. But this woman. She’s a little—or rather a LOT different from how she was back then.

At any rate, if he couldn’t kill her, then what should he do instead? It was clear that she had witnessed Lemy’s murder.

“You seem in a bind, Lemy Abelard. Take it easy. I won’t tell anyone about this. I’ll just tell them Isabel—or rather, ‘Seventh, Magician’—died of illness.”
“You knew her true identity?”

“I realized that she was hiding the ‘Venom Sword’ here. I investigated into who she was while sheltering her here. –Your crime won’t become public. And in return, I have a favor to ask of you.”

“You’re saying a favor for a favor.”

“Indeed. Please—introduce me to ‘First, Santa Claus’. That is my condition.”

“That’s—not a request I can grant so easily.”

She might be an acquaintance of Ney’s, but as he wasn’t clear on who she was, he couldn’t very well let her meet Julia.

He absolutely could not put his mother in danger.

“I see…Then I’d be satisfied if you could at least tell her that I would like to meet her. Once you do, I am sure that she will come to meet me herself.”

“…What’s your name?”

“—‘Third, Sleep Princess’ Margarita Blankenheim. Your comrade.”

That’s a lie. This woman is lying. Don’t believe her.

Ney immediately denied the woman’s claim.

“What do you mean, Ney?”

She isn’t Margarita. Her real name—is the ‘Eternal Sorceress’, Elluka Clockworker. Your mother’s arch-enemy.

–His mother’s enemy!?

Seeing Lemy’s state of confusion, the owner smiled again.

“Ney’s talking, isn’t she? You must believe me, Lemy. –I’m not lying to you.”

The owner’s eyes seemed to flash green.

“You’re…telling the truth.”

Lemy had the sensation that something had entered his mind.

…Yes. This woman had no reason to lie, did she?

…She said she would overlook Lemy murdering someone.

…If she were an enemy, then she’d have no need for such an arrangement.

…Yes, he was certain that was it. It was true.

“…I understand. I’ll tell ‘First, Santa Claus’ about you. But make sure you keep my killing that prostitute a secret. If it gets out, then I’ll come to kill you right away.”

“–! Lemy!? Don’t believe her!

“Shut up—I’m the one who decides. Whatever we do, if I don’t hear out her demands then I’ll get caught for sure.”

…Hmph. Fine. It doesn’t have anything to do with me, after all. But don’t come crying to me if you regret it later.

Ney said peevishly, and then from there was silent.
