Bruno Marlon—Kaidor Blankenheim was then incarcerated.

.

He had originally been a noble of Elphegort. If things had gone as planned, he would have inherited the seat of marquis from his father and become the ruler of Toragay.

His wife’s infidelity drove his life off the rails. A deeply jealous man, he was unable to forgive just one affair. In the end, he went mad with rage and killed her.

This fact was discovered immediately, and he fled Toragay.

Leaving behind his newborn son.

The baby was adopted by his younger brother, Karl. He was given the name of “Kaspar”, and came to be raised as Karl’s son.

Kaidor grew exhausted with his long life on the lam. Why must a former noble like himself lead such a miserable life? He sought a way to change his lot.

One day he met a woman going by the name of “First, Santa Claus”. She told him she had an underling who possessed the power to change his face. Changing his face—What better way to start his life over again?

Kaidor asked her to tell him this underling’s location. But for that he needed to offer something in return. Santa Claus was searching for certain items. “Vessels of Deadly Sin”—Kaidor knew the location of one of them. In exchange for telling her, he obtained information on “Seventh, Magician”.

Kaidor said this to Santa Claus:

“The ‘Golden Key’ is passed down in the Blankenheim family. My son probably has it now. If you want it, steal it from him.”

A lone man arrived in Lucifenia. Bruno Marlon…a member of the top brass of the Freezis Foundation. He was about the same age as Kaidor.

Kaidor secretly murdered the man, and then cut his head off.

He packed Bruno’s head into a bag, and then went to visit a fortuneteller who operated as “Seventh, Magician”. Through the magician’s ability he was able to successfully change his face to look identical to Bruno’s.

It was hard taking Bruno’s place. Everyone around him was bewildered at first at Bruno’s sudden change in personality. Even so, as time passed he was somehow able to convince them that he was Bruno.

More time went by, and he learned that his son he had parted with from birth had become Santa Claus’ underling, “Second, Dealer”. It was likely that she had made him into an ally to obtain the “Golden Key” from him.

His son had served his purpose–Kaspar would probably be disposed of eventually. But that wasn’t something for him to know any more.

Because he was no longer “Kaidor Blankenheim”, but “Bruno Marlon”–
