September 2nd. 9PM.

Lemy was in an inn in the 12th district.

–“Second, Dealer”, who had been caught by the World Police, was apparently continuing to keep silent, but according to Lemy’s mother he wasn’t likely to hold out for long.

There was a place in one of the World Police’s establishments that was called “The Castle of Hedgehog”. The Freezis Foundation had bought the castle after it fell out of use, and then offered it to the World Police.

There was a certain tower in the Castle of Hedgehog—and the ones who were stationed in it, this “Heartbeat Clocktower”, were those who could be called the World Police’s dark side.

The Interrogation Execution Department–Popularly called the “Torture Department”. In order to smoothly obtain testimony from suspects, those who were brought to the Heartbeat Clocktower were made to receive every manner of “interrogation”. They received nothing but suffering, neither being spared nor killed. Naturally, that fact wasn’t known to the public. The only ones who knew were the higher ups of the World Police and those with political influence on Julia’s level.

And the other day, Julia had received word that Bruno was brought there.

They wouldn’t be able to save him.

That was out of the question for his mother now.

Bruno had yet to reveal that Julia was the leader of “Pere Noel”. But there were already people in the government coming forward who looked upon her with suspicion.

Naturally the ruckus that had occurred when the Freezis heads had come to visit reached the ears of Lucifenia’s statesmen who hadn’t been present. Those who didn’t think well of there being a young female president were trying to take the opportunity to run her out of office.

Even tonight, adults were intruding on their home. Lemy didn’t know whether they were government officials or police officers. In either case it was clear they were driving his mother against the wall.

Julia had prepared this inn for Lemy’s sake.

“Stay here for the night,” she had said.

Lemy wanted to think that it was out of concern, of not wanting to get him wrapped up in all this, but in truth that probably wasn’t the case.

It’s because she’s afraid you’ll let something slip around them.

Ney said that. That had to be it. But Lemy figured that it was reasonable for her to treat him like he was a burden on her.

He had been unable to fulfill her hopes.

If only he’d killed Bruno without hesitation back then—

The door to the room suddenly opened. Without so much as a knock. There was a woman sitting in a wheelchair and a green haired woman behind her.

“Seventh, Magician” and “Eighth, Sniper”.

“Pardon the interruption,” Magician said, Sniper pushing the chair into the room. Lemy gazed upon her with indifferent eyes.

Frankly, Lemy didn’t like this magician all that much.

She hadn’t quit being the brothel owner even after joining Pere Noel. She was a woman managing the prostitutes that Lemy hated. There was little chance of them getting along.

“Your mother’s in quite a bind.”

Lemy glared at her comment, spoken like it was someone else’s problem.

“If you know about it, you should do something. Use your specialty ‘Hypnosis’.”

“That’d be tricky. Too many people know what’s going on in this case. I can’t put my hypnosis on all of them.”

“Didn’t you put all of the people that lived in your home town under hypnosis before you came here? That’s what Mom told me.”

“I can’t use hypnosis on that scale as I am now.”

“Because your body’s changed?”

“Well—sure.”

Magician smiled, looking on kindly.

But something dark seemed to be lurking in her eyes.

“—Lemy. I have one suggestion for you. That you flee this town…No, that you flee from Julia Abelard.”
“…What are you saying, all of a sudden? I have no intention of abandoning my mother.”

“It’s not Julia who’s going to be abandoned, but you. Rin Chan—she’s a victim in this incident, so she won’t be subject to the World Police’s interrogations…but eventually she’ll mention your name to them.”

“…”

“You’ll be locked up as the culprit of Ton Corpa’s murder. And once that happens, they’ll find out that you killed all those prostitutes. Julia wouldn’t defend you. Rather, she’d make you disappear before any of it went public—just like Bruno.”

“…No one can kill me. Not now—not while I have this knife.”

Lemy took out his silver knife and showed it to Magician.

“There’s still ’Sixth, Venom’—Don’t underestimate him. He can rival you as you are now, at the very least. And sneaking into enemy territory is his strong suit. He’ll be killing Bruno too, pretty soon.”

“…You know a lot about him. Even though you two have never met, as far as I’ve heard.”

Lemy glowered at Magician.

–Did she learn that by being almost killed by him once before?

Ney spoke up after him.

There was no way that Magician had heard her voice. But Magician’s brow lifted slightly.
As though in response to what Ney had said.

So you do hear me after all.

Magician heaved a sigh. “—It’s true, I can hear your voice. But leaving that be, you have miscalculated something. My knowing about Venom is because I met him when I was in Mayrana’s mansion.”

I knew it. You aren’t ‘Sleep Princess’. The one that I knew didn’t have that intellectual air like you.

“I know that you detest me. But…see the truth, Ney—no, Gretel.”

…

After noting Ney’s lack of response, Magician once more looked to Lemy.

“I won’t hypnotize you tonight. You will decide yourself. Whether to stay at Julia’s side or run away. If you choose to run, then I will help you. There is a country called ‘Jakoku’ to the far east. Even the World Police couldn’t reach you there…It’s a little peculiar, but a fairly interesting place.”

“…Why would you try to help me?”

Magician squeezed Lemy’s shoulders and brought her face closer.

“You are still young. If this keeps up, Pere Noel and Julia will come to ruin. But you shouldn’t go down here. You can’t die in a place like this…..You still have so much life ahead of you. Don’t do anything to throw that in the gutter.”

Magician’s eyes looked a touch misty.

Does she have sympathy for me? –Lemy was a little confused at her unexpected demeanor.

“…I can’t decide right away. Let me think about it.”

“There isn’t much time. I plan to leave town with Gumillia tomorrow night. If you have a mind to, come to the brothel before midnight. We’ll take you with us—and make sure you bring anything precious to you with you. Alright?”

“Precious to me…”

“You know well yourself what those are, don’t you?”

What immediately came to Lemy’s mind was his favored silver knife, hand mirror, clockwork carriage, pocket watch, and—

The red wineglass. The item he’d received from his mother, that catalyzed his meeting with Ney.

“…Well then, I take my leave. I’ll say it once more. You must make this decision on your own. Not your mother, not Ney—you.”

Sniper said nothing, starting to push Magician’s wheelchair again.

Then the two left.
