The next morning, Lemy returned to his home.

Pheobe was waiting for him, having made breakfast. Apparently his mother had been seeing guests all last night.

“She is taking a nap in her room right now. Though I think she’ll wake up soon, as she has to go to the capital building this afternoon.

“I see…”

Lemy took a bite of bread and nodded.

Pheobe wasn’t a member of Pere Noel, but she knew Lemy and Julia’s true identities.

And yet, despite knowing this she devoted herself to the Abelard family.

Lemy had once asked her why that was, but Pheobe hadn’t told him anything specific.

“Because if it wasn’t for Lady Julia, I would have died a long time ago,” was all she’d replied, her wrinkled face smiling broadly.

“Good morning.”

Before he knew it, Julia was standing at the entrance to the dining room. Once she’d sat down, she began to scan over the schedule book she kept on hand. Pheobe poured some milk into her wineglass, and Julia picked it up and started to leisurely drink.
“Mom, are you alright? You look really tired out…”

When Lemy spoke up, Julia pulled her eyes from her notes and peered at Lemy’s face.

“Did you sleep alright, having been in an unfamiliar bed last night?”

“Yeah…Um.”

And there, Lemy cast his eyes down for a moment.

The words he spoke from here on would decide his and his mother’s fate—with that in mind, he couldn’t immediately say what came next.

“What is it, Lemy?”

Julia was peering at him in curiosity.

Lemy readied his resolve and then lifted his face.

“I have something I want to talk with you about…”
