I hadn’t thought that Bruno would be this incompetent. Perhaps I shouldn’t have taken him on as an ally after all. I should have disposed of him along with Kaspar upon getting my hands on Grim the End—the “Golden Key”.

I had known well that making that family line into an enemy would be dangerous, but they are completely useless to me as allies.

I’ll take that as a lesson from now on.

Prim had been an extremely rare case, I suppose. She’d been a very valuable ‘HER’ from birth, but unfortunately it seems that this trait didn’t pass on much to her descendants.

.

–Does Lemy think that I’m going to use him as a sacrificial pawn? I can see a look of confliction in his eyes that’s never been there before.

How can I make him understand that he’s mistaken? I love him. Even if I’m not his real parent.

What would be the best way to convey that to him? I’ve been living for so long and yet I don’t know what it would be.

Would it be any different if I had given birth to my own child way back then?

Keeping Rin Chan alive up until now has also been for Lemy’s sake.

When I first saw her in Milanais theater, I considered the possibility that she might be an “Irregular”. That is, there was a chance that she was a reincarnation of the “Daughter of Evil”, Riliane.

“Reincarnation” is an act that can only be carried out by the “Twins of God”, but there has been one exception.

That is the “Irregulars”. The other “Twins of God” that were born by accident–and it seems that one of them, “Allen”, has already fallen into the hands of that bat.

So then, if an “Irregular” has been reborn on the ground world, then it can be none other than Riliane. –Assuming the bat hasn’t played some joke.

But in the end, Rin’s face had been Yuzette’s work. Nevertheless, that doesn’t change the fact that she’s a friend of Lemy. If I killed her, Lemy would never forgive me. That frightened me.

I would never abandon him. He’s already completed a contract with the “Demon of Gluttony”. The existence of Ney is proof of that more than anything. It was for that reason that I tried to have Lemy kill Bruno.

.

I knew

No matter what should come to pass, he would never die.
