When I.R. in her girl form returned to the mansion, Sateriasis was there in the entrance hall embracing a woman.

The only thing she could tell from behind was that she didn’t know her.

But, the harem girls didn’t come up to the first floor. That means that the woman here with Sateriasis was a new woman subjected to Sateriasis’ venomous fangs who came here.

This pleased I.R.

(Heheh, Duke…… it looks like you just “can’t stop” yourself)

He contracted to the demon so he could acquire Gumina. And he already achieved that objective the other day. There was no reason for him to increase the number of his harem anymore.

Even though he needed to maintain the demon’s power to continue his hold over Gumina’s heart, the women he had now were enough to cover it.

That Sateriasis continued to abduct women—indicated that he was being taken in by the demon in himself. He was no longer resisting his ever-growing desires.
All that’s happened here is as I.R. expected.

Gumina was silent over why she became Sateriasis’ fiancée—even though she didn’t even want it—anyhow, the two were supposed to be married. If Gumina’s heart was ensnared, it wouldn’t be too late to have that happen.

However, Sateriasis didn’t wait for that. Remaining selfish, he took her by force. He did it even knowing it might jeopardize his situation. That didn’t stop him.

At the time, it was obvious Sateriasis had become unable to control his demon.

(Good, Duke. Continue to add to your mistresses as you have. It ties in with granting my singular wish)

I.R. gloated in her mind.

But, when Sateriasis and the woman he was embracing looked back at her the very next moment, I.R. became very surprised.

“! Y-You’re…… Hakua!?”

“…… Haru! Oh good, you’re still alive!”

Sateriasis Venomania’s seventh mistress was Hakua Netsuma, who pulled herself apart from Sateriasis the instant she saw I.R. Her face was buried in Hakua’s ample bosom.

“I was so worried about you! Where in the world have you been until now—“

“…… Aargh, could you maybe wait just a second…… Hey! Duke!!”

Once I.R. pulled away from Hakua, she made the biggest scream she ever made at Sateriasis.

“What’s this? Are you perhaps acquainted?”

Having been used to I.R. yelling at him, Sateriasis asked halfheartedly, totally aloof from the world.

“You’re saying you brought her here without even knowing…… I swear, you really are a bas—“

“No, I saw her in town but it was because she looked similar to you, somehow. Maybe it was the identical hair and eye color? You’re you so she’d do juuuust fine.”

The reason Sateriasis gave, referencing his criteria for choosing women, demonstrated that lust took priority over love but I.R. was frankly not amused.

“…… Get rid of her, Duke.”

“I refuse.”

“No hesitation! In any case, this girl’s no good!”

“At the very least, tell me why. There’s too much of a risk in releasing a woman once she’s been brought here. You should know that.”

“…… She’s Hakua Netsuma, my…… “big sister”.”

“This is a surprise. To think you were siblings.”

“To be exact, she’s the one this “body”—Haru Netsuma calls her “big sister”….. At any rate, you brought in a troublesome girl—“

While managing Hakua still clinging to her, I.R. let out a huge sigh.

After leaving Hakua to Lukana, I.R. told Sateriasis the story in her room.

“…… Well, who would’ve thought you could be so cruel? It seems the girl’s been through a lot. Her village burned by an evil mage, her sister forever taken from her—“

“I am the one you call this “evil mage”.”

“Why did you attack her village?”

“Because what I wanted was in that village. Here, that sword—a vessel of sin.”

After telling him that, I.R. recalled something and abruptly changed topics.

“That’s right. Speaking of a vessel of sin—there’s something I must speak to you about.”

“? What is it?”

“Duke. There’s a woman I want you to seduce.”

“So sudden…… well, fine. I’ll hear what you have to say, for now. Who’s our enemy?”

“The Queen of Marlon: Yufina Marlon. She’s currently come to Beelzenia along with her husband—“

“Wait! Wait wait wait!! You said the “Queen of Marlon”?”

Sateriasis was definitely panicked since a title he didn’t expect to hear was dropped on him.

“What? Are married women no good?”

“I didn’t say that! You say a Queen of a foreign country, of all things!? Depending on the circumstances, there could be a war!!”

“There is a risk but there’s a reason we should acquire her. Yufina…… is possibly in possession of a vessel of sin.”

I.R. said that while glancing at the wooden box she put in the corner of the room.

“A vessel of sin…… you’re saying there’re more than just the sword?”

“To be precise, there are a total of seven vessels of sin, including the sword.”

“That’s quite a lot.”

“You would know since you have one yourself but even a single vessel of sin can grant one extraordinary power. But, dare to imagine if you were to collect seven vessels and be able to acquire all of their power……”

I.R. smiled. For a just a moment, Sateriasis had made a wicked smile.

“…… So you’re saying I could become the owner of incredible power? And that’s why you’re aiming for this? Are you going to be aiming for obtaining power and world domination?”

“Not at all. But, Duke. I thought this would benefit you too.”

“I don’t have such ambition. I’m content with my women and me living happily here.”

“The fact you might one day be exposed doesn’t frighten you, huh?”

While she said that, Sateriasis suddenly frowned.

Pleased with the face she saw, I.R. kept talking.

“You are the Duke, the lord of the Asmodean region. But in the end, that’s all you are. You cannot change the laws alone; if the country took you seriously, they’d crush you in an instant—that’s your limit as a human.”

“But with the power of a demon I can—“

“What can you do with that power? Become a demon and betray your country in battle? It may be enough for Marquis Glassred’s guards, but is the power you have now enough to defeat an army? Or will you use your powers of Lust? A shame the Emperor’s a man. Your Lust spell has no effect on men. Or will you wait until a woman becomes the ruler?”

As if her bad mood earlier was simply a lie, I.R. had become rather talkative.

“However. With seven vessels of sin—no, about three should suffice for this country. Anyhow, if you acquire them, it’s possible for you to even become the new ruler of Beelzenia. That way, it wouldn’t be impossible for you to even make every woman in Beelzenia your wife, let alone Asmodean. You see, even this can still beni—“

“I get it, I get it.—I didn’t mean I couldn’t understand what you were saying. I’ll help you collect the vessels of sin for myself. But, let me think a little about this matter with the Queen of Marlon.”

While there were still things I.R. had left to say, at that moment, they heard a knock on the door and she dropped her voice to a slightly calmer tone.

“… Chances are Yufina will visit Asmodean but it’ll only be temporary. Decide quickly.”

The door opened and Lukana came in.

“I guided Miss Hakua once through and took her to her room.”

“Where is her room?”

At Sateriasis’ question, Lukana innocently answered.

“Her room is right next door. Miss Hakua said it should be near Miss I.R.’s room.”

Upon hearing that, I.R.’s face clouded over immediately.

“Why next door of all things…… there are plenty of other rooms that are vacant.”

“Hey, I.R.”

“What, Duke?”

“Your attitude towards just Hakua’s strange. If any of the women got in your way, you usually wouldn’t hesitate to say “I’ll burn you to ashes” or some such.”

“…… It’s such a problem because I’m borrowing a human body. Little of this body’s—of Haru Netsuma’s original will remains. But—“

“”Little” means there’s still some left.”

“Yes. Merely a fragment is fine by itself. But that fragment got in the way…… it said “Don’t kill my big sister”…… I think I’ve said more than enough, I’m leaving.”

Saying that, I.R. left her own room, leaving Sateriasis and Lukana as the only two left.

“Um…… Lord Venomania?”

“What is it, Lukana?”

“It’s about a different topic, but you’ll want to know something about it……”
