There were several reasons that Adam had selected this land for their new home.

This southern section of the Forest of Held was connected to the northern Forest of Held that Eve had been so fond of.

On top of that, it was in the territory of Elphegort, outside of the borders of Levianta.

They had needed to leave the country to escape from their pursuers.

.

Perhaps it was a result of living in a place so abundant with nature, but Eve’s condition seemed to have gotten a little better.

At first she had been completely powerless, staying cooped up inside the house all the time, but then she started going outside a little more, and eventually wound up returning to collecting forest mushrooms and fruits.

Perhaps she still remembered her customs from when she was young.
Gradually, she began to show more emotion outwardly.

He was grateful for her starting to smile, but at the same time she would also suddenly burst out crying, or conduct herself as though she was frightened of something.

“Why are you so sad?”

“What are you scared of?”

Even if he tried to ask her, she would only give meaningless replies.

…But then there were also times when she would earnestly say this:

“Our children—aren’t anywhere.”

Naturally, he knew what those words signified.

But Adam couldn’t do anything about it.

Resurrecting their dead children just wasn’t something he was capable of.

.

They needed to avoid going anywhere with a lot of people as much as possible.

He knew there wasn’t much exchange between Levianta and Elphegort, but there was always a slight risk.

In addition to that, Eve was afraid of meeting anyone outside of Adam.

There was a town named Aceid a little ways away, but instead of going there they would get by trading with the people of the forest day after day.

It was a deprived life they led, but surprisingly he found they were able to manage.
Thinking on it…he’d led a far worse life when he was young before Horus had picked him up.

This was nothing, compared to that.

They would live here forever—and eventually meet their end here as well.

He could never have imagined it back when he was living in the royal capital, with so much ambition in his heart.

Yet, he had begun to think that maybe this wouldn’t be so bad.
