Adam—and Eve both collapsed on the spot like puppets with their strings cut.

Allen had watched this progression of events in a stupor, but he regained his senses as he felt the entire theater wracked with intense tremors.

“It can’t be—is it crumbling!?”

“…Tch.”

Riliane clicked her tongue upon noticing the change in the theater, and she moved to run towards the exit.
However—her path out was suddenly blocked by a wall of blue fire.

“—How crafty, Irina!” Riliane sprouted large wings from her back and flapped them to extinguish the flames.

“…So it’s no use after all…”

Gammon hit the ground with his fist as he watched Riliane escape.

And then he shouted to Allen, “What are you doing? Get after her! If you want to save the world, then kill her—the ‘Daughter of Evil’ that’s been assimilated into Ma!”

“Me—kill Riliane!? Don’t be ridiculous, There’s no way I could—”

Someone seized Allen’s arm as he started to protest.

It was Nemesis.

“Let’s get out of here for now! I don’t think we’ve got long!”

“R-right…True.”

“—Gammon! You too!”

Nemesis started trying to pull Gammon to his feet.

But he seized the opportunity to pin Nemesis’ arms behind her back.

“I…will remain here. And you…are coming with me, Nemesis.”

“Quit messing around! Now isn’t the time for us to be fighting—”
“If you’re erased, then Ma won’t be able to achieve her goal. …Relax, it’s not like you’re going to die. Everything will be ‘formatted’ by the ‘Re_Birthday’—This might be an impossible dream, but…I hope that we, at least, can start over from the beginning again.”

“What…are you—”

“—Nemesis!”

Allen raced over and swiftly thrust his sword into Gammon’s abdomen.

“Guagh!”

Without a moment’s delay, Nemesis pulled away from Gammon and stood.

“–!”

This time the blue flames chased after Nemesis and Allen.

The two of them each fled in opposite directions, dodging the fire.

But—Gammon, unable to move, was surrounded by it.

“Gammon!”

Nemesis tried to help him, but a piece of rubble falling from the ceiling blocked her way.

“Nemesis! Let’s go already! We won’t be able to escape if the exit gets blocked!”

“…Alright.”

Giving up on rescuing Gammon, the two of them ran for the exit.

.
Once they had gotten out of the theater, they were greeted by Worldeater, who had sprouted enormous wings from his back.

“Oy. What the heck is—”

They both quickly jumped onto Eater’s shoulders.

“Eater! Get away from the theater, now!”

“…Huh? But what about Lady Banica and the others?”

“They were all defeated! We’re the only ones left—”

“Wait a second, Nemesis!”

Allen noticed something and pointed deeper in the theater.

–Lich, with both the servants under his arms, was stagging towards them.

“…You two are just awful…Leaving us behind—”

“Lich! You’re alright!?”

“Yeah…Just barely…”

He somehow managed to make it to Allen and Nemesis, avoiding the fallen rubble.

Once everyone had gotten onto his shoulders, Eater spread his wings and flew away from the theater.

.

–By looking at “Evils Theater” from a distance, Allen for the first time understood the transformation that had taken hold of it.

The theater no long held its original shape.

It had changed—into an enormous ‘Blackbox’.

“We…left Gammon and Adam and Eve behind in there…Do you think they’re alright?” Allen asked Nemesis.

But she appeared not to know the answer to that. “If that theater—that ‘Blackbox’ has the same function as the one that attacked Lucifenia…Then the people inside it will likely be ‘formatted’—”

“What is this ‘formatting’, specifically?”

“Essentially, spirit data is reset and made brand new—the function makes them lose their memories, personality, and everything else, and they are reborn as new beings…But it’s never actually been implemented. So I don’t know if that would even function as predicted. …By the way, Eater?”

Nemesis knocked Eater on the cheek.

“What?”

“Did anyone come out of the theater before us?”

“…Yeah, ‘Waiter’ came out. I said hi to her, but she ignored me and flew off. Right now she’s…uh.” Eater looked restlessly around in all directions. “—Ah, got it, got it. She’s there.”

He pointed to the ground with a large bony finger.
It was impossible to clearly make out their appearance from the air—but they could certainly see a human figure.

And…an even more unusual event had begun to occur around her.

A black vortex similar to what had been emitted from the “Blackbox” was spreading with Riliane at the center.

Its speed put the one that had attacked Lucifenia to shame.

If they just let it go, it could very well encompass the entire Evillious region—or even the world, in an instant.

But the black vortex—didn’t suck in any of the souls or illusory trees.

Still, there was no guarantee that it was harmless.

“Well then…What shall we do, Allen?” Nemesis asked. “Lich and the servants…aren’t likely to be much help. You, Eater, and I might be able to challenge her all together—”

“—Do we have some hope of winning?”

“This hardly needs to be said again, but you can’t kill souls. The only method I can think of that would work—would be to toss her into that ‘Blackbox’.”

“…”

“But that would also mean erasing Riliane, the person Ma is possessing right now. So—you need to decide.”

.
Your beloved sister.

Or the world.
