When Germaine opened her eyes, she couldn’t remember why she was in the palace for a moment.

…That’s right. I was in the middle of a banquet, and then suddenly got sleepy…

Her consciousness was still hazy.

Even so, when she looked around she could immediately tell that something strange had occurred.

Everyone’s dead—but then they can’t be. They were all souls to start with, so…Well, no, I guess they are dead after all. They were dead already so they can’t have died—Agh, enough! I’m getting confused.

Everyone appeared to be “alright”, in any case.

This feels worse than a hangover.

She decided to go look for anyone else who was awake.

.

Someone spoke to her the moment she got out into the hallway.

“Oh, so there’s someone else who’s awakened.”

It was a man with refined features and bearing.

And on top of that, he gave off an air of dignity and refinement.

“And you are–?”

“Me? My name’s Arth. I’m the man who used to rule the Kingdom of Lucifenia.”
“–! A thousand pardons!”

Germaine hastily kneeled.

She had never met the rulers who reigned over the country she lived in while she was alive. King Arth had died when Germaine was very young, and the queen who had inherited his position had herself passed away from illness seven years later.

And then the one who took up the throne next was Riliane…the ‘Daughter of Evil’—

“I am—the daughter of Leonhart Avadonia, Germaine.”

“Oh! I see, Leon’s girl—It’s very nice to meet you,” Arth said, giving her a carefree smile.

“…”

On seeing that expression, Germaine grew all the guiltier.

She had once instigated a revolt in the country that King Arth had made prosper—and killed his son, Allen.

“—I had no idea that you were here at the palace, Your Majesty. I didn’t see you at the banquet.”

“That’s because tonight’s host is Riliane. Anne and I figured it would be less daunting for our daughter if we didn’t show up in public.”

“I see…I suppose that’s fair.”

“Is there anyone else who’s woken up?” Arth asked.

She shook her head. “…No, outside of me everyone in the Hall of Mirrors is still asleep. Including my dad…”

“I see…This is quite strange.”

“What in the world could have happened?”

“I don’t know for sure yet, but…It may have some connection to that group that’s outside.”

“A group outside?”

“Yeah. They’ve surrounded the palace. They’re armed with weapons I’ve never seen before, so I’m positive they’re souls from a more recent era—a military unit, perhaps.”

Germaine covertly peeked outside from a nearby window.

…Just as Arth said, a large group of soldiers had filled the perimeter around the palace.

“Do they plan to break in?”

Arth shook his head at Germaine’s question. “If they had, they would have done so long ago. There’s no reason they’d be looking in twiddling their thumbs while the palace is completely unguarded.”

“Then what could their goal possibly be—?”

“I dunno. …Well, it would probably be quickest to just ask them, don’t you think?”

And so saying, Arth started to walk.

“You can’t be…Do you really intend to go out there, Your Majesty!?”

“Yep. I’ll go talk to the one leading these soldiers.”
“That’s absurd!”

“It’ll be fine. We can’t die anymore, anyhow.”

“Even so—Wait up.” She flusteredly chased after Arth, him making no move to stop walking. “If that’s how it is, then…I’ll go with you.”

“Oh, you will? Just what I’d expect of Leon’s daughter. You’ve got guts.”

“…Not as much as you, Your Majesty.”

While somewhat stupefied, Germaine looked upon Arth’s reckless behavior—

–I guess, in this way…You are his dad, after all.

And in the back of her mind was pleasantly reminded of Allen’s face when they were children.
