All of the soldiers went on guard at once as they saw Arth and Germaine.

But Arth quickly moved toward them and loudly spoke out, “I am Arth I of the Kingdom of Lucifenia! I wish to speak with your leader!”

There was a stir amongst the soldiers the moment they heard that name.

And then they parted. Tony walked through them to the front.
“Dying and becoming a soul isn’t all bad. To think that I have an opportunity to talk face to face with the famous historical figures from my textbooks.”

Though even as he said that, Tony didn’t so much as incline his head Arth’s way.

“So you’re the general of this army.”

“I am for the time being, I suppose. I am Tony Ausdin. Pleased to make your acquaintance.”

“Ausdin…By chance do you have an ancestor named George?”

“I do indeed. I am a descendant of your loyal subject, George Ausdin.”

“Are you turning on your ancestor and the king that he served?”

“Oh no, that’s not it at all. We just came here to arrest a criminal.”

“A criminal?”

“Yes. Though unfortunately she got away.” Tony’s expression grew frustrated, scratching his head. “For that reason, we’re waiting on the army’s main unit to arrive. Once we reconvene with them, we’ll head back on the criminal’s trail again. We have no intention of doing anything against you in the meanwile, so you can relax.”

“…”

“Of course, that’s assuming you don’t do anything to get in our way. I warn you, if you do anything excessive—you’ll be made to endure a suffering much more severe than death. …Now then, you’ll have to excuse me. Feel free to either go back to your nap or resume the party.”

Tony turned on his heel and headed back through the unit.

Germaine whispered to Arth, “What should we do, Your Majesty?”

“—Let’s head back into the palace. There’s something I want to check.”

The two of them turned their backs on the soldiers and walked back inside the palace.

.

–After that, the two of them split up and went around the whole palace, checking to see if there was anyone missing.

As they did, a few others who had awoken showed themselves; Germaine and Arth filled them in on the details and got them to help out.

.

…When the search was over, all of the people who were awake assembled in the Hall of Mirrors.

While there were still people in the room who were asleep, Arth listened to everyone’s report with a pensive countenance.

“–Sounds like we’re certain then.”

There was only one person who they had been unable to find anywhere in the palace.

That person was surely the “criminal” that the military unit was looking for.

“…Riliane.”
