Eventually everyone had opened their eyes, and were all gathered around Arth in the Hall of Mirrors.

They all wound up discussing what they would do now.

“—I think we ought to keep watch here,” Prime Minister Minis declared openly, his expression reserved. “At this point in time we are outnumbered by our enemy. And when the main unit is added on to it—Not to mention, they are people from a time period much later than ours, and obviously they are highly skilled with weapons. By contrast, there are…many people here who know nothing of combat. We have no hope of victory.”

“Even so, that doesn’t mean we can just leave the princess in danger, yannow!”

The one who countered him there was Chartette, who had been a maid attendant on the princess.

“But she’s not necessarily in danger, is she?” said Retasan Fortress’ commander Lily as she walked forward.

“Obviously she is, yannow!”

“But Riliane has died and become a soul just like the rest of us. It’s not like they can do anything further to her now, right?”

“—I’m not so sure.” The person who interjected there was the head maid, and also one of the Three Heroes, Mariam. “Those men outside must know that too. And yet the fact that they’re chasing the princess despite that…Perhaps they know some method to kill souls further, or even have them erased.”

“Does such a method exist, Mariam?” asked Riliane’s mother, Queen Anne.

“I don’t know…But there was once someone who had the ability to freely transfer souls. If that person were involved—”

“Who—do you mean?”

“…Abyss I.R. The woman who killed my parents and raised me to be an assassin.”

The moment that name left Mariam’s lips, a commotion began among several people.

“You’re the adopted daughter of Abyss I.R. …This is first I’m hearing of it.” Germaine didn’t hide her surprise.

“Yes. This is the first time I’ve told that to anyone—Or rather, I myself had lost my memories of it before. How ironic that I finally remember now after becoming a spirit. …Well, that aside. Whatever the case, though she may be a disembodied soul we can’t definitively say that she’s safe.”

“To put it another way,” For the first time Arth, who had been quietly listening to everyone else’s opinions, opened his mouth. “If we were to face off against those others…there’s a non-zero chance that we will be erased ourselves.”

An unpleasant silence fell over the room.

“…Can I say one thing?” cut in a bespectacled man with his hand raised.

“And you are?” Arth asked his name.

“This is our first time meeting, Your Majesty. I am the merchant, Keel Freezis.”

“I see. …So then, do you have a suggestion?”

“The weapons that the troops outside carry—Judging by appearance, I would think those are guns. As Prime Minister Minis just said, they are most likely much more powerful than the matchlock weapons we are more familiar with.”

“That seems certain, assuming that the flow of time is consistent with advancements in technology.”

“Right. But, as they are also spirits like us, then it follows that those weapons are illusions borne out of their imagination. Just like this palace, and the clothes we’re all wearing. So then—what if we also created guns like the ones they’re carrying with our ‘imagination’? If we do, we’ll be on even ground in the way of weapons, at least.”

“Hmm…Good point.”

But someone appeared who went against Keel’s view.

“I think that might be tricky, Papa.”

Unexpectedly enough, it was Keel’s own daughter, the novelist Yukina.

“Why is that, Yukina?”

“It’s true that we souls are able to create things that used to exist on the ground world by using our imaginations. But…after doing some experimenting, it seems there are limits to it.”

“Limits?”

“Yeah. It’s simple. The things we can create—are only that which the soul in question had knowledge and experience with when they were alive. For example…I’ll show you right now—Hah!”

The moment Yukina called out, she was holding a rifle in her hand.

It was exactly like those of the Tasan army soldiers in design.

“And now, with this gun…Miss Lily, could you go stand at that wall over there?”

“…? Sure, like this?”

Immediately after Lily went to stand at the wall at Yukina’s instruction—

“–!? Ow!”

–Yukina aimed the gun at her and fired.

“…As you can see, while in appearance it may resemble a modern weapon, its power is only that of the matchlock variety from our time. So it doesn’t have much point to—”

“Just wait one second, Yukina! Why did you fire it at me!?” Lily yelled at Yukina, clutching her abdomen with both hands.

“Oh, well I just, I figured you were the most sturdy out of everyone here…”

“There are plenty of other tough guys around here! And ya didn’t need to shoot at anyone in the first place!”

There was a murmur of laughter among those watching the two argue.

…But it quickly came to a stop.

Ultimately, they still hadn’t come to a resolution.

“…”

It seemed that Arth was thinking about something as he remained silent—

Eventually he spoke out to the crowd, appearing to have made up his mind, “As you can expect—I cannot leave my daughter in danger. I intend to do battle to stop those soldiers. …The kingdom of Lucifenia is no more, and we are little more than lifeless souls. There are many among you who once served Lucifenia—who served directly under me—but there is no need to observe that any longer. I wish only for those who…want to protect Riliane to fight alongside me.”

Everyone listened to Arth speak in silence.

But…no one immediately raised their hand at his suggestion.

“My King. I’m sorry, but…I dunno if you understand our feelings here.”

A large, one-eyed man took a step forward from among the assembled crowd.

“York…It’s been a while.”

“–! You remember a lowly soldier like me?”

“How could I forget? You sustained that wound on your eye protecting me.”

“There was that. But that’s a thing of the past now. Yes, the long ago past…My king, we have–grown too used to peace. We died and went to heaven, and in that garden of Champs-Élysées we have led lives without strife. Though you ask us to fight again, this late in our existence…I just can’t get on board.”

“…I do understand. It’s true there is something about that place that puts one’s heart at ease. It felt very comfortable for me as well.”

“That ain’t all. Well, it might be a bit off for me to say despite coming to this banquet all nonchalantly like this, but…You know what your daughter did, don’t you? For the people of Lucifenia, Riliane was nothing less…than a ‘Daughter of Evil’. I haven’t got the heart to hate her after so long…but I also can’t bring myself to wanna fight on behalf of that princess if it means puttin’ myself in danger. And I wager that’s true of everyone else here.”

“…”

Arth knew that York didn’t say those things out of any malice.

He had done nothing more than air his honest opinion after thinking on the matter himself.

“Does this mean my daughter’s…Riliane’s sins are unforgiveable, after all?”

“Those men outside called the princess a ‘criminal’, didn’t they? You might not wanna hear it, but maybe they’re right—”

At that moment, Germaine—who had been listening in from behind—whispered:

.

“Her sins can never be forgiven—Is that truly so?”

.

York turned around.

“Germaine…”

“Riliane did commit sins. But—she was also given an equivalent ‘punishment’.”

“You mean that she was beheaded on the guillotine?”

“…Yes.”

“Germaine…You think that I don’t know?”

“Huh?”

“—We executed a fake. Someone else was executed standing in for the princess.”

“Yes…So you knew.”

“The revolution had succeeded, and for a time peace had come to Lucifenia. That fact alone was enough for me, so I never spoke out about it.”

Just as York said, the person who was executed in the town square after the revolution was not Riliane, but her brother Allen.

“True, she survived after the revolution…But, York. ‘Punishment’ doesn’t just refer to dying for what you’ve done. Rather, sometimes living on is more painful than death.”

“…”

“I won’t ask you to understand. …I’m sure everyone else has their own thoughts on it. But I, at the very least—I don’t think we can just abandon Riliane.”

Germaine drew her sword, and held it aloft before Arth.

“Your Majesty. I, Germaine Avadonia…Do hereby vow to offer my sword for the princess of Lucifenia, Riliane.”

Amidst the crowd’s murmurs, Arth said to Germaine with a resolute expression, “…Thank you, Germaine.”

–There was someone who stood apart from the crowd, watching this sight with a wine bottle in hand.

He threw the bottle in his hand to the floor, gently lifted his hands, and started slowly clapping.

Clap, clap, clap.

“—That was wonderful. What a heroic young lady. Wish I could see her father’s face right now. …I bet he’s quite handsome, and the best swordsman in the world, besides.”

Germaine, and everyone else, turned to look at him.

“…Dad…”

The swordsman clad in red armor, Leonhart Avadonia, walked forward until eventually he stood by his daughter.

“That’s right, Arth. Lucifenia’s legendary king, and the leader of the Revolutionary army. Add on to that the red lion knight, the strongest of the Three Heroes. With the three of us, I’m sure we’ll manage somehow against an army that size.”

“Leon—”

“Oh, but it’s not just three of you, is it?”

Queen Anne, who had been silent all this time at Arth’s side.

She slowly stood before Leonhart.

“Naturally, We’re coming along too.”

She took her folding fan in hand and raised it above Germaine’s sword.

“Sigh…Good grief, I guess there’s no helping it.” As Mariam sighed, at some point her maid outfit changed to her battle uniform. “Though I’d be more reassured if Elluka were here…Honestly, I wonder where she’s loitering around now.”

As she grumbled to herself, she held her knife toward the king.

“W-waaaait a minute!” Chartette cried as she dashed up to Arth and the others, carrying a sword so enormous that it was completely at odds for a maid to be wielding it. “I was planning to help from the beginning, yannow! I just—got caught up in the mood around here!”

“Chartette…We’re grateful to you, but could you put down that gargantuan sword? It’s poking into my shoulder.”

“Ah…Sorry, Mister Leon.”

After that, several other people there began to step forward in twos and threes.

Some were in high spirits, and some were hesitant—but they vowed to join in the fight.

.

–Watching all of this, Keel murmured, “I wonder if they were moved by Germaine’s words, or if they’ve simply been swept up in mob mentality…Well now, what’s wrong?”

As he spoke, he glanced over at Yukina to his right.

…Even just looking at her from the side, he could see that the eyes of his beloved daughter were openly shining.

“Such a dramatic development…I have no choice but to join in too!”

The moment she said that, she sprinted up to the king and the others, carrying her notebook in hand.

“…Oh dear. I guess I can’t just run off on my own now.”

As Keel stared on in bafflement, a hand fell on his left shoulder.

“Keel, you oughtta stay here. You’ll just get in the way.”

“What an unkind remark—Kyle. They need to have at least one person who’s got brains, don’t they? …Even you, albeit fairly skilled yourself, are far from the level of the Three Heroes. Would you fair alright?”

“Ha—”

The blue-haired man gave a bold smile.

“What’s this? You seem pretty sure of yourself.”

“Yukina gave me a good idea earlier. I guarantee it. We—will win this fight.”

“A guarantee from the king of Marlon, huh? How dependable.”

The two of them faced each other, and then, both smiling, walked up to the front as well.
