The sun was beginning to climb up from the horizon.

Taking up position before the front gate of the palace was an improvised Lucifenian army comprised of volunteers. At the very back was Arth, staring at the enemy soldiers before them with narrowed eyes.

The battle was already beginning.

First they had needed to learn the ability of their enemies—the power of the modern weapons that they carried.

Their vanguard was run by a select few assembled for that purpose. Heading them was the Lucifenian army’s famed general, George Ausdin. He had applied for his role upon learning that his own descendant was in the enemy army.

–The vanguard returned after a short while.

“You seem to have pulled it off, General Ausdin,” Arth said appreciatively, going to greet George himself.

“Yeah, but for the grace of God.”

“Then how was it? What’s the power of this contemporary army?”

“Well, they’re certainly dangerous. Their guns are able to fire more rapidly, and their range is considerable as well. Their aim is also fairly accurate. On top of that, what’s behind them is even more dread-inspiring. They have this immense, self-propelled artillery that looks like masses of iron. It’ll be pretty difficult to deal with those.”

As George spoke, he took pains to hide a little bit of his exhaustion.

“…I see.”

“—However, I also saw some weak points.”

“Oh? And those would be?”
“I don’t really want to say this, but my descendant—His name was Tony or something, wasn’t it? He doesn’t seem to be accustomed to being in command of an army. And when I looked more closely I saw that some of the military uniforms those soldiers are wearing have some slight differences in design among them. Perhaps they’re more disorganized than expected.”

“We’re not so different ourselves in that regard.” Arth quietly sighed as he looked around at the people around them.

“It’s true that we’re not all proper Lucifenian soldiers. We have a fair amount of civilians here—Probably about half of the people here announced their intent to join the fight, all in all?”

“Though I’m grateful just for that half to have made this decision.”

“Not to mention, we might call them civilians, but they’re not to be underestimated. The Lucifenian military failed to defeat an army made up of these same civilians some time after you passed on, Your Majesty.”

“…That’s true. What else?”

“For the time being, Mariam’s concern seems to be ill-founded. Our soldiers are getting shot quite a bit by the enemy soldiers’ guns, however no one has died or disappeared. I’m not clear on the iron artillery yet, but judging by the fact that they haven’t yet put them to use, it seems unlikely that they carry any particular powers. They’re probably just really powerful cannons. If they could kill souls with it, they would have done so already.”

George’s analysis sounded concrete, but Arth’s anxieties didn’t seem resolved by it.

Tony had said they were waiting for the arrival of the main force. It was possible that unit could be wielding an even greater threat.
If that were to be this “soul erasing” weapon—

Certainly, as George had explained, no one in their army had “died” yet, but they looked to still feel pain. Some among the soldiers had their faces twisting in agony, and a few of them appeared to have lost consciousness.

Even if they don’t die, if they lose the will to keep fighting then the end result is the same. If we keep enduring assaults like this, eventually the Lucifenian army will become unable to stop these soldiers.

He had known it from the outset, but it seemed this war was overwhelmingly disadvantageous after all.

There was someone who had been standing by Arth’s side this whole while.

It was his wife, Anne.

“You ought not to make such a face when among your subjects.”

“Y-yeah…Sorry.”

“This isn’t like you. Didn’t you once experience hopeless battles like this countless times before? And no matter what the situation was—you and the Three Heroes always won out in the end.”

“But this one is even more desperate. This time we’ll essentially be fighting against an army from the future.”

“Believe in your strength. If it’s for the ones you love, you…can work miracles.”

“…True. I do have my goddess of victory here at my side.”

Arth gently kissed his beloved wife on the cheek.

“Haha…Also, Arth.”
“What is it?”

“I have a premonition. I have the feeling that…some dependable allies will be coming soon.”

“Your guesses are often on point. I believe you. But…we ought to do what we can with just us.”

A subdued-looking Leonhart cut in between them.

“Flirt with each other later—Look ahead, Arth. It appears…that our enemies aren’t going to wait quietly for us to go to them.”

“–! So, this time they’re going to go on the offensive.”

They must have deemed them to be hostile. He could see the unit wielding their guns making a steady advance forward.

He could also see the iron artillery that George had talked about.

“So then—what shall we do, Arth?”

After Arth nodded at Leonhart’s question, he replied, “We have no plan. But we certainly can’t just run away. At a time like this, there is…only one action we can take, yes?”

“—Yes.”

The red lion knight flashed a grin at his king.

“You’re the boss. I’ll leave the order to you.“

“Indeed.”
As the enemy army encroached upon them—

The king of Lucifenia, Arth I, loudly cried:

.

“All units—Charge!”
