There was a reason why Milky hadn’t been charged with any crimes, and was able to live inside the kingdom afterward.

That had been because she had the support of an old friend.

Yegor Asayev…The man who had betrayed Apocalypse, and the cause for Pale being captured.

Ironically it had been thanks to his work that Milky’s sins had been forgiven in the form of a pardon.

Milky didn’t really know why Yegor had helped her.

Well, she did have a guess…chiefly that he’d developed feelings for her.

The person that Milky had slept with the most after Pale was Yegor.

.

Milky headed to Lighwatch Temple to visit Yegor for the first time in a long while.

“My my…If it isn’t one of the queen candidates.”

Yegor greeted Milky in an exaggerated manner, deeply bowing his head.

“Good to see you, Lord Head Priest. Are you in good health?”

“Under god’s shadow I am doing well enough…But I won’t be for too much longer.”

“I’m—glad to hear that,” Milky said, showing him a warped smirk.

“…Do you despise me?”

“Not really. I’m not the kind of cheap woman who focuses on revenge.”

Apocalypse had, after all, been little more than an assemblage of ruffians. The organization was bound to meet its end sooner or later.

Pale himself had seemed to Milky as though he was prepared for that, in a way. Maybe he was actually pleased that it had been a trusted lieutenant who pulled the trigger.

Clutching his flank, Yegor took a seat in a nearby chair. “…Have you been able to meet with Seth Twiright?”

Milky shook her head at the question. “He’s holed up in the LeviaBehemo temple. And I’m not allowed to go in there.”

“I see…He’s probably just taking precautions.”

“Why? If his true identity is really Pale as you’ve said, I can’t think of any reason why he wouldn’t want to see me.”

“But that’s exactly why. If Pale has hidden his identity and taken up some important office in government like I did, then it would be disastrous to meet with anyone who knew his past.”

“Good grief…Then what should I do?”

Yegor heaved a sigh. “…Forget about him. That might be the best thing for both of you.”

“Ha, you’re really going to say that now? You, who convinced me that Pale might be alive and wound up recommending me as a queen candidate?”

“I might have been the one to start all this. But passing the ‘queen trial’ was without a doubt a result of your true ability. I didn’t have anything to do with it.”

“Who cares about that? I never had any interest in becoming queen. All I wanted was—"

–To see Pale one more time.

That was all.

“Milky. When you…went through the ‘queen trial’, what did you see?”

“…That’s right. I did have a pretty bizarre experience. I had…become a merchant’s wife in a town somewhere. My husband looked a lot like Pale…but there was no doubt that it was someone else.”

“…”

“And then…I was facing a girl somewhere where I could see the sea. I didn’t know her…but somehow I could tell that this was my own child.”

“…That could be your subconscious, your future self, an ideal…I could come up with a number of interpretations. Whatever the case, it sounds like Pale wasn’t in any of them. Maybe that’s the answer.”

“You’re saying that Pale will never be involved in my life again?”

“The being known as the queen, and that trial…It’s not like I know everything. This is all just conjecture, but—”

“You’re just as devout as ever. Even if the queen is a being close to the gods…At the end of the day, I don’t believe in those gods themselves. So a hallucination like that is just hogwash to me.”

“That’s the kind of declaration that would get you tossed out if the senate heard that.”

“Everyone ought to look at reality more. The world isn’t going to be destroyed so easily; it’s sure to keep going for a long time yet. And—I want to walk towards that future with Pale.”

After Yegor had stared into Milky’s eyes for a moment, he seemed to grasp the strength of her determination. He gazed up at the ceiling resignedly.

“Do whatever you like…But you do have these qualifications now. It might not be so bad to just go ahead and wind up as queen.”

“I’d have to be able to get around those other two.”

“Two? Aren’t there three?”

“You don’t know? The girl of the Ly family died. She lost her footing on a cliff.”

“…Did you kill her?”

“What a scandalous thing to say. True, she did try to summon me out there that day. But I ignored her. I could see the murderous intent crystal clear in the depths of her eyes.

“…”

“Do you doubt me?”

“…No. You aren’t lying. My eyes can—‘see’ that.”

“Maybe someone else killed her, or maybe it really was an accident.”

“Either way it’s suspicious. You ought to be on your guard too.”

“Thanks for the advice.”

It seemed the palace was more of a den of thieves than she’d expected it would be. It wouldn’t be that strange if there were some unseen schemes at play around the position of queen, the most influential seat in the country.

It was for that reason that Milky had no intention of running away before she’d managed to achieve her goal.

“The two left…especially that former shrine maiden, they both have a sizable magical power.”

“You mean Elluka? She could rival Meta…Actually, she might even be more powerful than that.”

“Why did you cast out someone with so much innate ability?”

“Cast out? No, she left here of her own volition.”

“What?…Why?”

“Who knows…But I suspect that she had figured out my real identity.”

“Well, I probably wouldn’t mind if she was the one to become queen. Maybe she’ll have you politically purged.”

“Assuming I even live that long.”

It was getting close to her curfew. She’d need to start heading back to the palace soon if she wanted to avoid a lecture from Nyoze.

“See ya, Yegor…Take care.”

And on those parting words, Milky left the Lighwatch Temple.
