Maybe there was no other way to brazenly stroll into the LeviaBehemo temple to meet Seth outside of becoming queen.

But Milky couldn’t wait that long.

It just wasn’t her style to just sit around twiddling her thumbs when Pale might have been nearby.

The guards to the castle were strong, but Milky could tell that was almost entirely directed towards people trying to get in from the outside.

Their security was weak and full of holes once you actually entered the palace.

To get into the LeviaBehemo temple, first she would need to pass through the courtyard. As there were always two soldiers posted before the gate that led there, she would have to come up with some way to deal with them.

Excluding the highest ranking member of this unit, they weren’t allowed to so much as enter the courtyard, to say nothing of the temple. On the contrary, as long as she managed to get into the courtyard, she’d be able to enter the main temple without any risk of being spotted by the rest of the guards.

So how to dispose of the guards before the courtyard…gentle persuasion, attack them…Thinking ahead, she wanted to avoid any method that would leave evidence behind.

She waited for the sun to go down, and for it to be suppertime.

And then Milky found a servant rolling along a serving pushcart, and spoke up to her.

“Do you have a minute?”

“Yes. What seems to be the issue?”

“The glass to the window in my room broke, and the wind is cold through the crack. I don’t know how to make repairs…I’d really appreciate it if you fixed it for me.”

“Absolutely, ma’am. But would you be able to wait a while? Right now I have to deliver dinner to the soldiers.”

“I get chilled easily. If you don’t fix it right away I’ll catch cold.”

“Nevertheless…”

Milky clapped her hands together as though having gotten an idea. “Then, how about I take charge of your serving job in your place?”

“Oh no, I couldn’t possibly make a queen candidate do something so…”

“It’s fine, it’s fine. I’m not a noble, so you needn’t fuss about me so much. I’d much prefer you spend that time fixing the glass or dispatching a carpenter to it.”

“…Very well. Well then, I will leave this to you.”

So saying, the servant left Milky the pushcart and headed off somewhere.

Like taking candy from a baby.

Milky took out a wooden bottle from her pocket and added its contents to the food, bit by bit.

It won’t kill them. It’ll just make them suffer a bit of diarrhea and stomach pain for the night.

Having finished her advance preparations, all that was left to do now was wait.

.

–That night, spying the soldiers making a beeline for the toilets, Milky crept into the courtyard.

In her hands she grasped a flamberge that she had prepared to use as a weapon just in case.

It was one she’d favored from her time in Apocalypse. The undulating blade would cleave open flesh, bringing forth flowers of fresh, free-flowing blood.

Though I would hope I don’t need it. There’s plenty of flowers blooming here already.

The courtyard.

Nothing had changed since the last time that she’d come here; it was just a quiet, beautiful place overrun with flowers.

The small temple that Seth had to be inside was right there.

Apparently there was hardly anyone who had seen him in recent years.

But for a while now there had been rumors that Seth was identical to the criminal Pale.

I’m finally going to learn if those rumors are true or not. Whether Seth and Pale are the same person, or whether it’s just an accidental resemblance between strangers.

As Milky drew closer to the temple, she noticed that a peculiar smell was wafting through the air.

What is that? It’s…not pollen. It smells more man-made.

That wasn’t all.

A faint sound reached her ears.

.

Lu li la.

Lu li la.

.

That sound she could hear coming from the temple…No, that music rather, it sounded familiar to her.

That’s a…music box. The sound of the music boxes that Pale was always making!

Milky was convinced now.

Waiting for her at the temple ahead—was Pale!

She broke into a sprint.

Pale, Pale, Pale…!

In her state of agitation, Milky failed to notice the thing at her feet when she reached the temple entrance.

!?

She stumbled over something, and pitched forward into a tumble.

“Ouch…”

Milky tried to see what it was that had caught her foot.

“…A cat?”

A single, white-furred cat was crouching there in the grass.

As it glared at Milky’s face, it bared its fangs at her menacingly.

What she heard coming from its mouth was not the sound a cat made.

It was a sound that was completely unexpected to her.

.

Lu li la.

Lu li la.

.

That music box music…is coming from inside the cat.

She didn’t have any time to be confused.

In the next moment, the cat lunged at Milky at full speed.
“–!”

She quickly brought the flamberge up to her eyes and swung it in an arc horizontally.

The sword knocked into the cat’s body, and sent it flying.

“Phew…”

Milky put down the sword and approached the fallen cat.

“Sorry, kitty. But it’s your fault for—”

Milky felt her eyes widen.

The liquid flowing from the cat’s body…was very obviously not blood.

It was clear, and gave off a strong alcohol smell.

Surprising Milky even further was the voice that dripped from the mortally wounded cat’s mouth.

“Dammit…to think I got done in by a small fry like you…”

The cat was speaking with human words.

What was more, Milky recognized that voice.

“Could you be…Raisa?”

Raisa Netsuma.

One of her old friends in Apocalypse, the leader of the white army.

“If I took over your body, I could have once again been able to…No…I can’t die like this…as his guinea pig—"

The cat breathed its last before it could finish its speech.
“…I don’t understand what just happened.”

Milky lifted her gaze to the temple before her.

Her only choice was to ask him directly.

The man that was inside.

.

Milky was considerably agitated.

And that was enough to dull her sense of awareness.

There was a small shadow creeping up behind her…

It escaped her notice entirely.
