From what Nyoze could remember, Milky’s death had been deemed a suicide, and no further investigation had been carried out.

In the end, her presence had been a source of worry for a number of people, and there were many who had actually rejoiced her death as a convenience.

Who had attacked Milky? Just like with Ly, he couldn’t glean that from the memory itself.

All he’d learned was Milky’s true motives…And that she’d made a serious misunderstanding.

Seth and Pale were not the same person.

This was a fact that only a fraction of people knew, but the two of them were twin brothers.

For that reason Seth had lost his standing for a time, having been suspected of having a connection to Apocalypse.

One could say then that it was only natural he would keep a former member of Apocalypse like Milky away.

That cat…was a very peculiar and ominous being, but considering that Seth was after all a scientist, one could reasonably conclude it was an invention of his.

Was Seth the one who had killed Milky, or was it someone else? …Nyoze supposed that there wasn’t much point in speculating on that now.

It was all trivialities now that the country had already fallen to ruin…That wasn’t what Nyoze wanted to learn.

He wanted to know about the Catastrophe that came later.

But no matter how much he pestered Gammon on that, he wouldn’t answer.

To operate this machine called truth, he would need to turn these gears in order.

.

–It seemed that it was time for Elluka Clockworker’s gear to turn now.
