During the two weeks after she’d made her return trip from Marlon, alongside doing her other jobs Hanne investigated as much as she could on all documents regarding the town of Toragay, Pere Noel, and Blankenheim.

Her not going to the town of Toragay right away was out of a desire to see how far the World Police would be able to pursue the truth. If it was the kind of case that they could easily wrap up on their own, then all the better for Hanne. Even if it wasn’t—In any case, Hanne had herself some preparations that she needed to make.

She didn’t know all that much about the town of Toragay. In truth she had thought it little more than a stepping stone when heading north from Aceid.

In actuality, there were not a lot of historical documents on Toragay, which was the result of the development of a village created by the poor class that had been forced out of Aceid. She couldn’t even find any precise records on when the town was founded.

It was temporarily occupied by the Lucifenian army during the war between Lucifenia and Elphegort in year 500. It was at that time that the Felix family failed, but she was unable to find from the texts any other important info outside of that—such as something that suggested at the connection with “Pere Noel”.

It seemed that the Blankenheim family’s ancestor was originally a branch family of the Marlon royal family. However, in year 489 they were driven to Elphegort by the scheming of then-empress dowager Prim Marlon. As they had apparently been safely governing Toragay for generations since becoming lords over the town, there wasn’t anything of any particular interest on that written anywhere.

As for descriptions regarding Kaspar Blankenheim, she had been able to find only one, from none other than a past article in the Schuburg newspaper. It was something from the era of when it was published every other month, rather than every other week as it was now. Hanne had been working there back then as well, but as it wasn’t an article she’d been involved in she didn’t remember it. Frankly she had no interest in any articles written by someone else.

.

Sir Kaspar Blankenheim, Married

A wedding ceremony was held June third in the Toragay town chapel to join in union Sir Kaspar Blankenheim, the son of the current marquis of Toragay, Karl Blankenheim, and his fiancé Margarita Felix.

The pair’s new life together was greatly celebrated by the people who had rushed over there. His Majesty King Soil Elphen also participated in the ceremony, and gave them words of congratulations and souvenirs.

With the introduction of an election system being shot down due to several objections by residents, the successive rule by the Blankenheim family is slated to continue.

.

There weren’t any improper rumors about him, but naturally the true state of affairs wasn’t certain. He’d actually died alongside a mistress (though that part had been swept under the rug in the article in the latest publication this week), so the truth wasn’t something she could glean from the page of a newspaper…Though she’d be unwilling to say that out loud while in the company.

And there was “Pere Noel”. Hanne herself had taken notice of that organization before.

She wasn’t firmly settled on what the origin of the name was, but she had little doubt that it was something they’d derived from the name of the man who’d been the leader of “Apocalypse”, “Pale Noel”—Apocalypse being the antigovernment organization that had used Merrigod Plateau as their base of operations.

Once or twice in past history she had seen instances of people who had revered Pale Noel uniting their conspirators and committing insurrections and scandals. A representative example was the “New Four Horseman Incident”; that referenced a string of terrorist acts caused by then-candidate for the upper brass of the Levin church, Mikhail Asayev. Mikhail had blindly believed in Apocalypse, and Pale Noel. He had actually given the political organization that he headed the name of “Neo-Apocalypse”.

Presently, the full story regarding this “Pere Noel” that was wreaking havoc in the world had yet to come to light. What she did know was that the scope of their activity was broad, causing various incidents and crimes to occur all over Evillious, including Elphegort, Marlon, and Lucifenia, and also that whenever they committed a major crime they would send a letter of responsibility–the name of the leader written on there was always “First, Santa Claus”. …And that was about it.

Did the inclusion of “First” mean that there was a “Second”, and “Third”? She didn’t know about that, but at the very least there was no organization that consisted of one person. That was clear just by looking at all they’d done. Furthermore, if they operating on such a wide scale, then naturally that meant they needed capital to match it. One of their sources of capital was the black market that they primarily operated in Toragay.

Would the World Police arrive at the black market from their investigation into Kaspar? At this stage that wasn’t all that important. Hanne had intended to look into Pere Noel from there, but even if she didn’t do a simple investigation following up on their source of funds, a much easier to grasp case had happened there in Toragay.

What was the true cause of Kaspar’s death? More than that, who killed him? And for what reason? That was the essential matter.
