The country of Lucifenia sat to the south of Elphegort.

In this republic where the monarchy was ousted in a revolution about one hundred years before, nobles didn’t hold the same level of influence as they did in other countries—at least, that was the public perception.

Even if the country’s representative changed from a king to a president chosen by an election, in the end the ones to shoulder the main pillars of the governmental organization were the upper class nobility who had held all the power during the reign of the royalty.

In that sense, you couldn’t really say that the revolution carried out by the volunteer army that the hero Germaine Avadonia led had been a success. Germaine herself refusing to act in the royal family’s stead and Marlon temporarily taking Lucifenia under its government after the revolution was likely the reason why it hadn’t undergone a complete reform.

The old pharmaceutical expert who lived in the capital Lucifenian, Puerick Rogzé, was one of those nobles who had substantial influence in the country. But then, unlike his brother and nephews, he had never had much interest in politics, and so dedicated all his energies into his own research rather than advancing in the world.

His greatest achievement would probably be inventing the cure for the illness that had plagued the people of Evillious for so long, the Gula disease. Thanks to that he became known in the world as an authority on pharmaceuticals.

“Oh no, how terribly awful that must have been.” Puerick handed the coffee he’d brewed over to Hanne, speaking in a concerned voice. “I can’t believe something like that happened to Dr. Felix—Oh, do you not care for coffee? I could make you some tea or something…”

“Don’t mind me, Doctor. I didn’t used to like it much, but lately I’ve acquired a taste for it.”

“Thank goodness for that. That coffee’s made using beans grown in the new continent. The flavor’s a bit different from the kind made in Beelzenia.”

Hanne took a sip of the coffee being offered her. Its particular acidity and bitterness spread through her mouth.

“So then…what happened? What’s Dr. Felix’s condition?” Puerick asked, gazing at Hanne’s face. Despite his gentle countenance, the gleam in his eyes behind his spectacles was sharp.

“…Fortunately he’s still alive. But it seems they’re not optimistic about his chances—"

“My word, what a shame… Do you know the cause?”

“According to the person treating Dr. Marx–a doctor who was called over from Aceid—according to them, it looks like he’s got symptoms of swelling in the throat, just like Marquis Blankenheim. But the servant lady told me that Dr. Marx didn’t smoke tobacco.”

“Hmmph…If we presume the Marquis’ death and Dr. Felix’s critical illness both have the same cause, then we must reject the notion that it was tobacco. Though I was skeptical of that from the start,” Puerick said, putting a hand on his balding cranium.

It seemed that despite being entrusted with the autopsy when Kaspar died, he hadn’t been called in by the World Police this time. It seemed that the circumstances that led to Puerick spurring on his aged body to go out of his way to travel there in the first place was only because it was someone of distinction who had passed on.

“I suppose the World Police have decided that Dr. Felix wasn’t of much worth. Ah well, even if they called me out there it’d be a bit of hassle for me. Whatever the case this old body of mine has started to wear itself out, ha ha ha.”

The Rogzé family were Lucifenian nobles, but they also had a connection to Marlon, where the Freezis Foundation headquarters were. Empress Dowager Prim, wife of the king of Marlon five generations ago, was originally a Rogzé. It was said that Puerick’s collaboration with the World Police’s investigations was from that connection.

“I’m deeply fascinated with what the cause of their symptoms might be…Well, I suppose I’ll have to leave the rest to the local doctors,” Puerick said, laughing again.

Hanne asked him, “What do you think about it, Doctor? If tobacco isn’t the cause, then…”

“Let me think…The only thing I can think of is that it was illness after all. Though I’ve never seen nor heard of an illness with these symptoms before… The two of them may have come into contact with some new breed of virus. If this is some infectious disease, then that would be extremely dangerous. Depending on the situation the need may arise to quarantine all the residents living in the town of Toragay. –But as only two people have shown those symptoms at this point, it’d be a little hasty to conclude that just yet.”

“You can’t think of any other cause? Like, say, they were made to drink poison?”

Puerick shook his head.

“I checked the blood of the marquis and his mistress, and there wasn’t any reaction to drugs like that.”

“But there’s a chance it was a poison that didn’t leave traces…I’ve heard that there were such things in the past.”

“That’s true. However, as you just said yourself, that was in the past. We’ve become able to detect those poisons with the advancement of modern medicine.”

Puerick took a bottle with some sort of liquid in it from his shelf, and put it on the desk.

There was a piece of paper pasted to the bottle, with “gift” written on it.

“’Gift’…!”

“Oh, do you know of it?”

“Y-yeah. I heard about that drug when I went to Calgaround at Merrigod Plateau before. I was told that it was a sleeping potion that shamans used.”

“Ah, yes. Although, that and this are actually different drugs. Though the names are the same. –To be accurate, the flower used in the ‘gift’ of Merrigod Plateau is the same one used in the ‘gift’ that I have here now.”

“Would that be the Greeonion Plateau Rose?”

“Yes. What’s here in this bottle is a so-called improved variant of ‘gift’, compounded by my ancestor, Plus Rogzé, based on the recipe invented by the shamans of Merrigod Plateau.”

“How is it different, specifically?”

“The true ‘gift’ is, generally speaking, just a simple sleeping draught. It’s not fatal at all if you get the dosage correct. Of course, the dosage distribution is a bit tricky, so it is still certainly a dangerous medicine. …However, this refined ‘gift’ is different. As it has greatly enhanced the poison of the Greeonio Plateau Roses, it’s possible that even a small dose—such as a drop put in the coffee that you’re drinking now—would give you fatal poisoning.”

Puerick smiled again. His smile looked different from the one before, and without thinking Hanne spat out the coffee she’d been sipping and started hacking and choking.

“Hahaha, don’t worry. I haven’t put any poison in your coffee. I was merely making an example.”

“—Cough–…Right. But then why did Sir Plus Rogzé create such a drug?”

“The time period he lived in was one of much unrest…One theory I’ve heard is that his daughter asked him to make it.”

“His daughter?”

“Prim Rogzé. The woman who later married the king of Marlon. Actually, there does seem to have been gossip at the time that she had tried to assassinate the king of Lucifenia.”

“I know about that one. I read it in a book somewhere.”

“As I’d expect from a newspaper reporter. You’re quite erudite.”

“Not as much as you, doctor. So what does this ‘gift’ have to do with our earlier discussion?”

“Just that, like you said, if the Marquis’ death was due to poison, there’s a high possibility that it was ‘gift’. It does resemble it quite closely, judging by the symptoms. And in the period that ‘gift’ was made, it was an untraceable drug.”

“But that’s not the case now?”

Puerick nodded.

“This is a poison that my family developed. If it had been used, there’s little chance I would have missed it.”

“I see…I understand now. Thank you for sharing such important information with me today,” Hanne thanked him, standing up from the chair she was sitting in.

“No thanks needed. I’m not a busy man at all. I was just glad to be able to speak to a young lady such as yourself like this. It’s been a while.”

“Oh no, I might look like it but trust me, I’m not young at all. Hahaha.”

“Oh ho? Well then how old are…No no, I’m being rude. You don’t just ask a woman her age. Well then, it’s getting late. I think I’ll head to bed soon.”

“You’re going to sleep already? But it’s still six in the afternoon.”

“Old people have to go to sleep early. And we get up early. Early to bed, early to rise—that’s the secret to good health. You shouldn’t stay up too late yourself, miss.”

“I’ll take care…Well then.”

And so, Hanne departed from the Rogzé estate.

.

The carriage was waiting outside. The coachman was that innkeeper’s son.

“Where to?” he asked.

“Toragay…Hmm, no. To Aceid’s northern district.”

She would head back to her house for the time being. With all this running around she was feeling a bit more exhausted than usual.

After the carriage had moved along for a while, Hanne was set upon by drowsiness.

“Wake me when we get there…I’m gonna nap a little,” she said to the coachman.

Then she laid down in the luggage compartment.
