Kaspar Blankenheim’s funeral was held in the town’s Levin church one month after his death.

It had faced various complications. There was his body taking some time before it was given back to his family due to the Word Police investigating into his death, that sole family, his wife Margarita, had gone to pieces at her husband’s death and was in no state to prepare for a funeral right away, her father Marx had been preparing for the funeral himself but was still bedridden from an unknown illness—it was all very grave.

As he was the lord of a region of Elphegort, as well as a man with ties to the royal family of Marlon, a great deal of celebrated people had gathered at Kaspar’s funeral. From when Hanne went to see for herself, she could spot influential nobles from every region, starting with King Soil Elphen of Elphegort. The king of Marlon was absent, but the heir-apparent prince showed up. The color of his hair was black, but his features at least looked a little like the deceased Kaspar’s.

Bruno officially participated in the ceremony as a representative of the Freezis Foundation. There were no direct ties between the foundation and the Blankenheim family, so she figured he was there as attendant to the Marlon prince, or merely participating out of social obligation. Bruno made a show of furrowing his brow a little when he noticed Hanne there, but didn’t say anything in particular to her.

Hanne on the other hand had several things she wanted to ask Bruno. Like why the foundation had applied pressure on the World Police to not investigate into the “black market”. She didn’t know if Bruno was the one behind it, but as one of the top brass she couldn’t imagine he didn’t know anything. But she didn’t mind if she didn’t get to that now.

The reason for Hanne sneaking into this ceremony without being invited today was to see Kaspar’s wife, Margarita, and if possible talk to her. As she’d been suffering some unrest from Marx’s falling ill, she hadn’t had a chance to meet her yet. Now that Marx had gone as he did, Margarita was the most suspicious one there. She needed to make direct contact with her somehow.

The funeral was held in the style of the Levia denomination. Despite being in Elphegort, the holy land of the Held sect, the Levia sect had been turning mainstream lately. As a choir sang, the priest entered the church and poured holy water over the coffin. After he recited some opening words, he continued on to start reading aloud from his scriptures.

During the ceremony, Hanne looked for Margarita with upturned eyes, trying to keep from standing out as much as possible.

There was a young woman sitting in the chief’s mourner’s chair. That was probably her. But the upper half of her face was hidden by a black veil, so she couldn’t see her that well.

After the priest’s sermon had finished, prayer time began. She’d suspected it would be the case, but speaking to Margarita during the funeral itself seemed it would be difficult after all. If she was going to talk to her one-on-one, it would have to be just after the ceremony was over. Any pretext would suffice. It wouldn’t be all that out of place if she pretended to be offering her condolences.

The ceremony proceeded without a hitch, and at the end the veiled woman stood from her seat and advanced towards the coffin. Likely a few words from the chief mourner. She turned around and faced the attendants, and then slowly removed her toque hat with the veil attached.

Her beautiful features were exposed, and the long green hair that she’d kept bundled up in the hat went nimbly over her shoulders. In that moment, Hanne noticed for the first time that her hair was tied into two pigtails.

Before even the slightest doubt as to how she’d managed to cram those long pigtails into that cap could well up in her, Hanne couldn’t help but be thoroughly shocked at her features.

She’d be repeating herself to say it again, but today had been the first time Hanne had seen Margarita before.

Nonetheless—Hanne knew Margarita’s face quite well.

Just like with Kaspar—the face of someone she’d never met before was identical to a face that she knew.

It couldn’t be a coincidence anymore.

Just as Yukina Freezis had thought…This was a “Rule”.

“Hmhmhm…Hahahahahahaha!”

Before she knew it, Hanne was laughing loudly right on the spot.

Someone seized her shoulders, but she couldn’t stop herself from laughing even so.

.

How foolish. So incredibly foolish.

God. Why would you create such a stupid Rule?

No, rather—

Is the one who made this “Rule” in the first place really “God”?

.

Ayn looked down on Hanne as she sat on the bare ground outside the church, paying no mind to the soiling of her clothes.

“No wonder you got thrown out,” he murmured in disgust. “Laughing so loud like that during a funeral.”

Hanne apologized, without looking up at Ayn, “Sorry. And you’d gone out of your way to give me guidance, too.”

It wasn’t that she hadn’t expected it. The possibility had been in her mind ever since she’d seen Kaspar’s face when he died.

But try as she might she hadn’t been able to suppress the madness that had sprung forth in her the moment she actually came face to face with it.

A beautiful woman with pigtails—When was it that she’d last seen that face?

Yes, Hanne had seen it at Calgaround’s library when she’d gone there one month earlier. The face of Mikulia Calgaround, painted in that portrait—The “Flower of the Plateau” who’d lived 460 years before couldn’t still be alive today. Assuming she wasn’t a real “witch”.

Margarita was, of course, a different person from Mikulia.

…But if that was the case, why did those two resemble each other so much?

There were several theories she could think of. She would need to investigate more into this woman named Margarita to substantiate them.

And there was one more. One more thing she needed to search for.
A connection between Margarita and “that”. The chief minister had told her that “that” had been spotted here in Toragay.

The answer would surely show itself upon investigating into her.

If that “Rule” applied to her, then—she probably had “it” with her.

.

A vessel wherein dwelled a demon that brought about calamity…a Vessel of Deadly Sin.
