Dr. Felix, in Critical Condition—Cause Unknown

The father-in-law of the recently deceased Marquis Kaspar Blankenheim, Dr. Marx Felix, was discovered by one of this paper’s reporters as having lost consciousness in his home on the 19th of September.

Though thought dead at the time, thanks to treatment by his attending physician his breath was miraculously revived that very night, and then afterwards he was transferred to a hospital in the capital, Aceid.

His current status of being bedridden continues, having not regained consciousness even as of September 29th.

The World Police plans to carefully look into any relation between this and Marquis Blankenheim’s death.

.

Toragay Engulfed in Grief—Marquis Blankenheim’s Funeral Held

On the 28th of September in the town of Toragay, late Marquis Kaspar Blankenheim’s funeral was solemnly carried out.

That day His Majesty the King Soil Elphen, Marquis Cle Mence of Nianemu (the Marquis’ friend during his life), and others attended to mourn their parting with a dear friend.

The role of chief mourner was performed by Blankenheim’s widow, Lady Margarita.

The ceremony progressed silently without any serious uproar.

.

Diva Rin Chan, Suspected of Lip-Synching! —Was She Really Not Singing?

Unexpected allegationss about Rin Chan surfaced soon after her concert in Aceid had finished.

A Mr. N/A (real name undisclosed) who was a former manager of Rin Chan confessed during this paper’s coverage that day that “Rin Chan doesn’t really sing. Someone else behind the scenes is singing the whole time”.

The paper promptly tried to contact Rin Chan herself for more information, but was ultimately refused for reasons of her being “tired after the concert”.

The rumor of Rin Chan lip-synching has already been whispered for a while now among some of her fanbase, and this recent confession from the former manager has resulting in boosting that rumor’s credibility.

But when a certain Elphe woman who claimed to be an enthusiastic fan of Rin Chan’s was asked about this story, she returned this response:

“That N/A is famous for his habit of telling lies. I think that manager’s saying these things because he’s mad he got sacked. Rin Chan definitely isn’t a lip-syncher! I believe in her!!”

Which of them is speaking the truth, really? This paper intends to keep on pursuing the matter.
