Fly away, seven sins.

The impurity born from our false mother.

Let the world turn and turn.

This evil, grave sin.

Purify it.

.

–Lich peeked in on things from outside the small shack the whole night through.

“–!”

Finally, the shack started to burn.

Is that…okay?

Though he grew worried, he couldn’t go back inside at this stage.

…

He just continued to watch over it as he had been doing—

And then a single light flew up overhead in a straight line.

Then two, then three…

The lights were gradually released into the sky.

After the seven lights had all risen, they then began to revolve around each other in the air.

And then—

They each scattered in all directions.

The seven lights, leaving only a fading trail as they flew away, eventually disappeared from Lich’s sight.

“It’s over…Or maybe it’s just begun.”

The hut continued to burn.

I hope the fire doesn’t spread to any of the surrounding trees…Huh?

Someone came out of the small home.

It was the children. The children that Seth had called the “Twins of God” were staggering out, each supporting the other.

Then, when they’d reached Lich, they fell to their knees.

“Are you okay?” he asked without thinking.

“…”

The two merely gazed into the sky, without responding.

“Sin has been released,” the boy quietly whispered.

“The seven sins have been released,” the girl whispered next.

The seven sins…I guess so. It was seven lights that were given off—

And there, Lich finally realized something strange.

There were…seven!?

What the heck!? There were five people, me not included, who became “Demons of Deadly Sin”…And if you count Seth, that makes six in total—

So the remaining light—

Just what had that been?

“H-hey, you two…”

Though Lich spoke to them, the twins still didn’t respond.

“…”

They stood, and started to walk off somewhere.

“We’ll go meet them.”

“Our real mother and father.”

That was what they murmured as they went.

“Just a seco—”

By the time Lich called out to them again, the twins were nowhere to be found.
