When the boy touched down on the ground world, there was nothing there any longer.

.

Where had he come from? If we were to provide an answer to that question, there would be two available.

The first is “the moon”.

And the other one is “heaven”.

In actuality, a full moon emitting faint light was visible enshrined in the black sky.

As though it were the king of the night, or its god.

But once time passed that moon would disappear, and in its place a different ruler of the sky would show.

A dazzlingly shining star—the sun.

In this world there was a being called the sun god. However, weirdly enough, where that god dwelled was not the sun, but the moon.

The sun god lived in the moon…Perhaps this in itself was the beginning of the distortions in the first place—or so the boy abruptly thought.

By all rights a different ruler should have been on the moon, but currently it was the sun god—he also went by the other name of “Sickle’—that lived there. And no one doubted that.

“Where has the moon goddess disappeared to?”

Sickle at the very least should know the answer to that.

But he had never told anyone.

Until now.
.

The boy once more looked around the world he had just landed on.

As expected this place was little more than a barren field, but if he strained his ears he could hear the sound of beating waves of water. “Punishment” had destroyed everything, but it seemed that it hadn’t been able to completely dry up the great oceans.

Conversely, those oceans had been the reason why the destruction of the ground world spread so far. The great flood that “Punishment” caused had swallowed up the entire Evillious region. There was no one who had time to prepare any ships to escape it.

.

They have done nothing but make mistakes.

During these thousand years.

.

“…No, not ‘they’. Maybe I should say ‘we’…” the boy said, smiling a little ruefully.

.

The sound of the waves showed no sign of stopping.

But that wasn’t the only thing he could hear.

–People’s voices.

Normally that would be impossible.
Humanity should have died off.

…Save for one.

The voices didn’t sound like that of the girl that he was picturing in his mind.

So then that left only one answer.

It was—the voices of the dead.

Though perhaps it would be more accurate to say it was the voices of “souls”. Voices given out by the disembodied souls that continue to wander the ground world.

Normally, the souls of the dead went to the Hellish Yard. There, their sins were judged and it was determined whether they would go to heaven, or hell…but due to the influence of “Punishment”, that system was no longer functioning.

There was no longer any barrier between the ground world and the Hellish Yard. To put it another way, the ground world itself had become one with the Hellish Yard. Having become quite vast, the Hellish Yard emitted a particular gravity, and it bound the souls to this place. What was worse, even souls that had already been living in heaven or hell were pulled to the ground world.

The hundreds of millions of souls that had lived in Evillious—they were all gathered here on the ground world now.

The boy couldn’t imagine what would happen after this point.

For this situation was likely one that even Sickle hadn’t foreseen.

And it was for that reason—that he had sent the soul of a lone servant down to the ground world.

.
Punishment has been passed down.

This is the epilogue of this world, the “Third Period”.

However…it’s not over yet.
