Allen Avadonia was still walking along the ground world that had become a barren field.

Like the others, he was also a soul that had lost his body.

It might be a bit strange to describe a being without a body as “walking”, but in actuality Allen had no choice but to do so. The gravity emitted by the merged ground world and Hellish Yard didn’t allow him to fly into the air.

The woman walking a little ways behind him started talking.

“Hey…Can we rest a minute?”

“Are you getting tired, Nemesis Your Excellency?”

In contrast to Allen’s unruffled look, Nemesis was out of breath, sweat dripping from her brow.

“Of course I am. Unlike you I’m still alive. I can get tired and I can get hungry.”

“That’s right. Unfortunately it looks like we’ll have a hard time finding anything to eat in this wasteland. You’ll have to deal with it.”

“Sigh…This keeps up, I’m liable to starve to death.”

“You know that’s impossible, don’t you?”
Nemesis was the sole living person left in this world now, and she was also immortal.

The reason for that was complicated, but to put it in brief, it was because she was a “deadly sin contractor”—someone who had contracted with a demon. The only one who could kill someone who had contracted with a “Demon of Deadly Sin” was someone who had similarly made a contract, and they couldn’t commit suicide.

Thanks to that she had managed to survive the destruction of “Punishment”.

Ignoring Allen as he continued to press on, Nemesis sat down on the spot. Allen reluctantly came to a halt.

“If it’s gonna be like this, I would have preferred to die. I’d just end up being a soul like you. …You know, I’ve just had a thought.”

“What is it?”

“I’m able to live like this because I contracted with the “Demon of Wrath”…Seth, right? So then what if I were to have him void my contract—”

“If he had any intention of doing so, he would have done it a long time ago. That he’s maintained the contract still…Knowing him, he probably has some agenda behind it.”

“No—maybe he’s just doing it to harass me. That psychopathic bastard just likes to see me suffer.”

Seth had been with them a little while ago, but he, Gumillia, and Michaela hadn’t gone with Allen and Nemesis. It seemed they each had their own tasks to carry out.

“Come on, let’s get going,” Allen pressed Nemesis, but she made no move to stand.

“I’ve hardly gotten any rest in.”

“We don’t have time for you to loaf around. The immediate danger might have passed but we still have no way of knowing what’s going to happen to this world now.”

“It’s hard to imagine it could get any worse.”

“If that’s the case then so be it. But I can’t be satisfied with the world staying in this state.”

Upon seeing the unshakable resolve in Allen’s eyes, Nemesis heaved a deep sigh.

“…Allen. You said that your goal was to ‘save the world’, right?”

“Yes.”

“But that’s not what I want. You haven’t forgotten who destroyed the world, have you?”

The perpetrator who fired the destruction weapon “Punishment” at the world—

That was none other than Nemesis, standing before Allen.

“It’s true that I’d been deranged back then. …But in hindsight, destroying the world was something that I’d wanted from the very beginning. I’m not happy with this outcome. But to be frank, I don’t regret what I did at all.”

“…Is that your thinking as ‘Nemesis’? Or—”
“…”

She had borne several names outside of “Nemesis Sudou”. Allen had been puzzled at first over which name to call her, but ultimately he had decided on “Nemesis”, the name she had gone by in the end.

“—Well, whatever. All the same, I think you’re misunderstanding something, Nemesis.”

“…?”

“My goal isn’t really to revive the world back to what it was before.”

“Huh?”

Nemesis clearly hadn’t expected that.

“What I want, and what you want—I don’t think there’s really that much difference between them.”

“…Ugh.”

“Huh?”

“You remind me a little of Behemo.”

“If that’s the case then that means all the more that you and I are of a similar mind,” Allen spoke out calmly.

Nemesis made an even more displeased face, watching him.

She stood, wiping mud off her skirt, and said, “Fine, let’s get going.”

“Alright.”
“First we’ll head to that place in the Millennium Tree Forest…’Evils Theater’, and then—”

“I was planning to go to the site of Lucifenia.”

“To have a moving reunion with your precious sister, huh?”

“…Yes.”

“Well, I don’t mind that. I’ve got some things I want to talk about with her too. After all…”Nemesis” owes her her life, doesn’t she?”

“So you’ve figured it out.”

“Just a guess. Stemming from you having come into my mental world wearing that outfit. But it seems I was correct after all.”

“Yeah. Postman…Her real name was Lilith Baldured, and she was beyond a doubt a reincarnation of my older twin sister, Riliane.“

Upon hearing that Nemesis put a hand on her cheek as though thinking something over.

“…I see. So we’re not going to meet Riliane simply out of a personal wish to see her.”

“It’s a little tricky to explain on that front. I still have some unanswered questions myself. At any rate—let’s hurry over there.”

Allen once more began walking.

Nemesis followed a little ways behind him.

As they walked, she unintentionally put a hand on the holster at her hip. Nestled inside—was the revolver that she had always favored using. Strangely enough, the things that Nemesis had been wearing were restored to as they had been before when her body was revived from the blast.
Her body too was significantly younger than before her resurrection. The youthful glow of her skin was as it had been in her teens.

It’s very fortunate…Though I can’t imagine Seth did that out of the goodness of his heart.

.

This long story of a thousand years.

In its history—in this journey, has humanity left something behind?

Neither Allen, nor Nemesis, nor the many souls wandering the ground world, could produce an answer to that.

Even so—

No, rather, because of that.

Allen whispered softly in his heart:

.

I will go to see you.
