We walked towards the field. The sky over our heads were cloudless, and it was good weather for
farming.
There were some steep slopes in front of the convent. I found Rin there, a week after Elluka and
Gumillia visited the convent.

Back then, she was thinner than she was now. The bakery owner and I saw that she was almost dying of
hunger, and carried her back to the convent.

Rin said she had nowhere to go. When I had let her stay in the convent, no one objected. As for Rin’s
personality, she won’t talk about her personal life. Although many people would like to know, no one
asked her. However, the Head inferred from Rin’s behaviour and demeanour, her literacy and good
breeding, that she might be a runaway from an aristocratic family.

At first, everyone were gentle towards Rin, but her every word and action haughtily disregarded others.
For example, she would complain that the meals were not good; she hated the children working there,
and she as rather spoilt. So gradually, the nuns viewed her as a troublesome devil.

I, too, felt that I couldn’t cope with Rin’s wilfulness, but I was still determined to treat her gently.
Back in Yatski village, I was viewed as a nuisance too. I had always been alone. That wasn’t what I
wanted. I just didn’t know how to get along with people.

Rin, who usually had a tough attitude, sometimes reveals a lonely expression. She definitely didn’t want
to be alone. When I rescued her, She said in her sleep: “I don’t want to be alone”. Even though I don’t
know what had happened to her, it must have been that she was separated from someone she liked very
much, or something sorrowful like that.

That’s only what I have guessed, though. But, I think that as long as I can be honest with her, one day,
she will open her heart to me. I think I can save her.

As Michaela once did for me.

“How is it? Rin, is the food delicious?”

After that, we were also roped in to help with farm work. Rin was already exhausted, but nevertheless,
she carefully cut her vegetables with a fork and knife, and fed herself with elegance.

“Hmm… not bad.”

Rin did not complain about the food like she used to.

Although she would only eat desserts in the past, but now that she was involved with farming, she now
feels that food is hard to come by. Of course, she won’t ever say it out loud.

I watered the potted plants while watching Rin.

The canteen lets in the most light in the convent, it couldn’t be better for the growth of the plants.
