“No matter what kind of person I am… for example, if I were a heinous, wicked person… will you still
treat me like you do now?”

Rin’s eyes were very serious.

“Yes, definitely.”

I smiled as I replied.

I was surrounded by the sea, the earth and prayers every day.

Some people may think that this kind of life is boring.

However, in the midst of boredom, even the smallest change may bring about the greatest joy.

Rin is becoming more frank, little by little. Rin, who was gradually growing from a cute girl into a
beautiful woman, was beginning to take her work seriously, and is starting to use honorifics on her
seniors. A few days ago, she also asked me for culinary advice.

To me, her change was a great surprise. I was happy, as it was like I’ve gotten a cute little sister.

Unconsciously, I was beginning to think less about Michaela.

♥Clarith ~ Lucifenia Kingdom’s “Evening Monastery” ~

That night, as I was going to sleep, I found out I was missing a hairclip.

(Eh? When did it fall off…)

I recalled what happened today. After breakfast, we did some farm work and in the afternoon, we
cleaned the confession…

Now I remember, during that time in the confession room, the hairclip broke. I placed it aside and left it
there.

(It can still be used)

I can’t waste my stuff. I have to get it back in the morning… but I will forget about it when I wake up, so
I have to do it now. I grabbed a candle stick and headed for the confession room.

On my way through the cafeteria, I saw Michaela’s sapling grow very well. There were already some
branches and leaves growing from the pot.

(Where should I plant her…)
