I can take my time and plant her in the Millennium Tree Forest. Since she is Eldoh’s successor, then she
should be placed in the most appropriate place.

Although once again I will be away from Michaela, but I think I will not become sad as before.

The monastery at night was very dark because not a single candle stick is lit. I can’t even see my own
feet. I placed my hand on the wall and was able to arrive at the confession room.

When I arrived, I remembered something important – the confessional should be always locked at night.
I simply could not remember.

(Oops, I forgot…)

The key should be in the dean’s office but that place was a bit far from here. I also don’t want to intrude
on the dean but I can’t do it tomorrow.

Before going back, I hoped and cling to the door handle of the confessional.

(……Eh? It’s open!)

It was a nun’s duty to lock the door. I carefully and quietly opened the door.

(……is someone in there?)

There was a figure in the confession room. Who is confessing this late at night?

(A thief… that’s impossible, right?)

The figure was kneeling… and praying.

“O God, I have killed a lot of people. Although I wasn’t personally involved, a lot of people lost their
lives because of my command.”

This is a confessional. This person is sneaking in the night to ask God for repentance. However, murder
is not an easy topic. In the end, who is in the confessional?

“People who disagree with me are placed in the guillotine. I was convinced that in order to make the
country prosper, the ruler must have absolute power. However, it all ended up in capricious and
arbitrary ways. I was just using my own power for my own prestige. I was just a stupid ignorant little
girl.”

It was a female voice. I already knew who it was but my head was trying hard to deny it.
