“My malicious intent even reached foreign countries. When I knew my fiancée had another lover, I
frantically became jealous. I cannot stand the idea of someone rebelling against my own ideas. My envy
was not pointed at my fiancée but to the woman he loved. Because I didn’t know who she was, I
ordered to destroy the whole country and murder every woman with the same hair color…”

I crept back to my room.

I can’t listen anymore. I already know everything, understand everything…

How do I say this…

She… Rin is the cause of Michaela’s death.

She is Lucifenia’s Princess – “The Daughter of Evil”.

♥Clarith～Lucifenia Kingdom’s “Unknown Coast”～

The coast was very quiet at night.

I could hear the slight noise of the waves.

This coast was far away from the port town. During the day, passenger ships from Marlon and local
fishing boats would be around here. It would be unusually noisy. Although, at times like midnight, one
can only see a few fishing boats scattered across the sea.

Even further away from the streets is a small place, where you couldn’t see even from the fishing boats.
It extends to the southern end of the coast and the vast sea.

Upon returning to my room, I took out a certain something from a cupboard and returned to the
confessional. However, Rin wasn’t there anymore. I saw her silhouette walking away from the convent
when I looked out of the window. Even though I didn’t know where she was going, I still trailed behind
her.

Rin was now standing on the shore, staring blankly out towards the sea.

I peeped at her from slightly further away.

(What does she plan to do here.)

Before long, Rin took out a bottle and set it out to the sea.

(… … Ah, I see.)

I have heard the Mother Superior speak of the legend of the sea. If you put in a bottle a piece of
parchment with your wish written on it, then let the bottle flow out to sea, then your wish would come
true.
