Kokutan-douji’s friend Saruteito was at a cliff by the sea.

The cliff had a large, naturally formed cave. She was standing before it.

“Hmm, this place…It doesn’t look like it’s being used still, but there’s signs that human hands have touched it. How suspicious…yannow.”

She then proceeded to move to enter the cave.

“Hold it!” A man in a white suit called to stop her from behind. “What are you doing here, lady?”
Saruteito turned around. “…Who are you, to call to me like this? …yannow.”

“I am Kiji Yarera of the Yarera Zusco Firm. And you—Ah, I see, heh.” Kiji gave a small snort, taking in Saruteito’s appearance. “That weird monkey mask, that bizarrely curled hair, and that ridiculously gaudy clothing—You must be one of that Kokutan-douji’s compatriots, Saruteito.”

“Oh, so you know about me…yannow.”

“I don’t know what you came to Onigashima to do, but we’re having a bit of an issue here now. It might cause problems for me if you’re loitering around sticking your nose into things that aren’t your business.”

“—I’ve seen a lot of foreign men wearing suits like yours in town. I’d wager they’re your cohorts…yannow.”

Saruteito faced Kiji head-on, and they both glared at each other.

…Though as Saruteito was wearing a mask, I couldn’t actually tell if she was glaring or not.

“…Can I ask you one thing?”

“What is it? …yannow”

“You keep talking differently at the end of your sentences. …What is that?”
“…I am showing respect towards the very first Saruteito-sama of the Rangu clan. It is said that she was always saying ‘yannow’ at the end of her sentences, so I do it to emulate her. This monkey mask is also in imitation of the one she used.”

“…”

“…”

The comfortable sound of waves flowed between them.

“…But you didn’t say 'yannow’ att the end of that speech you just gave.”

“–!? …Yannow!”

“—Seems to me like you’re really forcing it… Anyway, just don’t get in our way, you get it?”

“You might say that, but as I don’t know what it is that you’re doing, I have no way of keeping from getting in your way…yannow.”

“…The Yarera Zusco Firm is currently searching for the culprit of the murders that have occurred in Enbizaka. I won’t rest until he alone…has died by my hand!”

Kiji made no effort to hide his rage.

“Someone you cared about got killed, huh? But vengeance is forbidden here in Jakoku…yannow.”

“You think I care about this country’s laws!? I will find this murderer and kill him—and only that.”

“…Well, do as you like. My goal is simply to find the blades that are spoken of in my family. I have no interest in a case like this…yannow.“

“…Then we’re fine.”

“But—ha ha ha.”

“What’s so funny?”

“My friend’s a bit of a meddling sort. I wonder if he’ll really be able to keep to himself when he hears about this…yannow.”

“…Hmph. You tell him, then. That I won’t let him off easy if he makes the wrong move.”

Kiji turned around and left Saruteito there.
