As she got close to Oyuka’s hairpin shop, Kayo noticed that there were other visitors who had gotten there before her.

The moment she saw them, Kayo instinctually hide herself in the shadows.

And then from there she leaned forward just a little and covertly began to observe these customers.

–A male and female pair were browsing the ornate hairpins.

“See anything you like?”

The man spoke up to his companion. He had blue hair. He had almond-shaped eyes. And there were burn scars on his left hand.

It was none other than Kai, the owner of the Miroku shop.

He looked to be much, much thinner than he once was. His cheeks were hollow, his veins stood out a little on his arms, and overall he did not look healthy in the slightest.

“…Mhm.”

The taciturn girl gazing upon the lined up hairpins was Kai’s daughter, the late Miku’s younger sister, Rin.

As a matter of fact, she had vanished from Enbizaka for a time after Miku’s death.

I think she had been convalescing in her father’s homeland of Amayomi to the north, to heal the wounds on her heart from suffering the loss of both her mother and sister.

Apparently she had finally returned to her father’s side this very day.
“Okay…this one.”

Eventually, Rin picked up a tortoiseshell hairpin.

It was adorable, with a vivid yellow color.

“I see, so that’s the one you want. Well then—One hairpin, madam.”

Kai brought out several copper coins from the handbag he was carrying and handed them to Oyuka.

“Thank you for your patronage!” Oyuka spiritedly replied, accepting the coins. “Shall I wrap it for you? Or would you like me to help put it in her hair?”

“I’m not sure…What do you think, Rin?” Kai asked Rin.

“Hmm…Hair, please.”

Upon hearing that Oyuka beckoned for Rin to come over. “I see. Well then, come over here, young miss. Your pal Oyuka will help you put the hairpin in.”

“Thanks, ma’am.”

“…”

“…?”

“…”

“..Ah—thanks, miss!”
“Okay! Right this way!“ Rin dashed up to Oyuka. “While I’m at it I think I’ll adjust your hair to look nice and pretty.” She sat Rin down before a mirror.

Kai spoke to Rin as he watched them. “How’s life in Amayomi? Are you having a good time?”

“Yeah. Gramps was real kind, and I made some friends. It’s a nice place, save for it was a little cold.”

“I’m glad for that. …You’ll be heading back that way next week…”

“…Okay.”

“Just hold on for a bit longer. Once the new year starts and spring comes around, I’ll close up the shop and head up there myself.”

“…Alright, I’ll be waiting.”

It was nothing more than a nonchalant conversation between a parent and their child. It was merely a father buying a hairpin for his daughter.

…But it may not have seemed as such to Kayo, observing them from the shadows.

“Alright, finished! –My, what a beautiful young woman you are, miss.”

Oyuka clapped her hands on Rin’s shoulders.

Rin saw her reflection in the mirror and appeared to be a little spellbound.

“…What do you think?” Rin turned back to her father.
“—Oh yes, it’s very nice. Only, that hairpin looks like it goes better with a more grown-up looking kimono. Let’s go home and I’ll pick out one that looks nice for you.”

“Really? Heeheehee.”

Rin was overjoyed, showing an adorable smile.

“Come now, I think we’ll head home soon.”

Kai and Rin left the store, and walked towards Miroku shop hand in hand.

“Thank you very much!”

Oyuka saw them off quite spiritedly.

–Kayo was no longer anywhere nearby.
