After the head judge informed them of the date and time he would announce his verdict, court adjourned for the day.

“What do you think?”

As people were steadily starting to get up and leave the courtroom, Loki Freezis, sitting next to Gallerian, started to talk to him.
“What do I think about…what?” Gallerian replied, putting his notebook in his bag.

“About the verdict of the trial. How do you think it’s gonna go?”

“It’s undoubtedly going to be the death sentence.”

“Bet so. As far as I’ve seen with all of the precedent cases, there hasn’t been a single person accused of ‘witchcraft’ who was found innocent. And when a guilty verdict for violating the law on witchcraft is handed down, there’s no way to avoid the death penalty…Sigh.”

“Why the sigh?”

“There’s nothing more boring than a trial where you already know the outcome. If we have to watch it for our studies, I wish it could have been a more interesting case.”

“This is part of the curriculum to get credits, so there’s nothing for it, right? …And I don’t think you ought to differentiate between trials based on whether they’re interesting or not.”

After finishing getting his things around, Gallerian stood. Loki followed suit, and the two of them started to walk to the exit side by side.

“You always take things so seriously, Gallerian. Well, I guess that’s why you’re the youngest student at Levin University at age fourteen, and able to stay at the top of the class to boot.”

Gallerian’s expression didn’t change one twitch despite the praise.

“It’s just happenstance. On that last test my score only differed from yours by twelve points.”

“Those twelve points may seem small, but it’s a big difference. The difference between first and second place, you know. In the end I wasn’t able to flip our positions, despite my efforts.”

Once outside the building, two large trees flanking the main entrance could be seen, budding. The two boys walked through them.

“It’ll be graduation soon,” Loki murmured as he faced forward, sounding deeply moved.

“Yeah, it will. But…The real performance is yet to come.”

“Our bar exams, you mean? We can’t join the Dark Star Bureau without taking those. …But well, I think that’ll be an easy task for me and you.”

“…I hope it is,” Gallerian replied, his expression downcast.

What could he be worrying about? –I had a rough idea.

Just as Loki said, Gallerian was an exceptional student. He’d had no problems relating to his behavior. Someone who didn’t know of his circumstances would naturally think he was a shoo-in for joining the Dark Star Bureau as he hoped.

But the current head of the Dark Star Bureau was Hanma Baldured, just as it had been fourteen years before.

So then, would he accept so readily Gallerian’s entry, given that he was the son of a witch?

…Gallerian knew what kind of person his mother had been. And he knew why she had disappeared from him when he was a baby.

–Appearing not to notice Gallerian’s anxiety at all, Loki suddenly changed the topic and posed this question to Gallerian: “By the way—why do you want to become a judge?”
“…? What do you mean?”

“I’m just thinking, if you wanted to you could have chosen any other path. Like…going into government. After all is said and done, you’re from the once royal Marlon family line. Personally I’ve always wondered if maybe that isn’t more your cup of tea.”

“…Are you crazy, Loki?” Gallerian sighed, looking stupefied. “It’s because I’m a descendant of the Marlon Royal line that I can’t. The Viwirtz family runs the country of Marlon now. After they became sovereign over Marlon in place of the Marlon royal family, you really think they’d look well on someone from the Marlon line becoming a bureaucrat when it might invite disaster?”

“…Ah, so even if, for argument’s sake, you were able to get in, you couldn’t hope for any advancement. –But you wouldn’t need to become a bureaucrat in your home country, you know. You could try here in Levianta, or in Lucifenia, or someplace like that.”

“Given that the USE framework exists, and the Viwirtz royal family has a lot of influence in it, it would still be the same. If I wanted to get anywhere in the world of politics—I would have to move somewhere like the United States of Maistia, to the far west across the sea.”

“Maistia huh…That would be pretty interesting though, wouldn’t it? I’ve been there a few times when I was a kid, it’s a nice place. It’s not all squalid like Evillious is.”

“Then you go there. Maybe go be president or something. I’ve got no interest in politics from the outset. Becoming a judge has always been a dream of mine.”

“Huh…Why?”

“…”

Rather than answering that question, instead Gallerian returned it to Loki. “What about you? I think it’s a little strange for a son of the Freezis Conglomerate to want to become a judge.”

The Freezis Conglomerate was an organization that had been established roughly four hundred years before, originally going by the name of the “Freezis Foundation”, made to manage the fortune that the great merchant Keel Freezis left behind. That had been its original purpose, but in its present state it might be more accurate to call it a multinational corporation run by the Freezis family descending from Keel. With their moneylending using Keel’s fortune as funds, their overseas trade with the continent of Maistia and the far East, as well as their mining of subterranean resources, their capital strength had vastly increased; now the conglomerate was not just a main economic power, but also one that held great influence in the political stage as well.

And the Freezis family stood at the top of this conglomerate. It was natural that Gallerian would have doubts on Loki pursuing an education on law, given that he was a direct descendent.

“Hahah, you’ve dodged the question, Gallerian.”

“I’m just embarrassed to say my dreams for the future so openly. If you say that your reason is the same as mine, because becoming a judge is your dream, then I won’t pry any further.”

“I suppose…In my case it’s a little different. To be more accurate, it’s my destiny as a member of the Freezis family to be at the very top of the justice system—the director of the USE Dark Star Bureau.”

“Your ‘destiny’, huh?”

“Yes, my ‘destiny’. Though my father is the Freezis commander, I’m the third son. My oldest brother is next in line for succession, and my second oldest brother is working as an administrative official for the USE joint government. And so if I’m able to get into the Dark Star Bureau and advance through the ranks—”

“Then that means the conglomerate will be able to have its hands in both the economy, the government, and the justice system.”

“Exactly. The World Police is an organization that was originally started by the Freezis Foundation, so the current Freezis Conglomerate still has a strong influence on it. If all goes well, then my family—no, the entire Freezis Conglomerate, will gain a massive amount of power in the USE,” Loki explained, his eyes sparkling as he did. Gallerian glanced at him from the side with a calm gaze, and yet also with some jealousy.

“…You have plans on such a broad scale. It’s got nothing to do with me.”

“There’s no need to get so abject about it. Even you sort of have a connection to the Freezis family in your genes.”

Just as Loki said, Gallerian’s great-great-grandmother was a member of the Freezis family. Though this person was a distant relative removed from the main family line, and in the present day Gallerian had never received any benefits for it.

Even so, it seemed it was because of this connection that the two of them had become fast friends so soon after entering college. I had no idea what they had thought of each other in their first meeting, but judging from the look of them now one could say that they were, without a doubt, “best friends”.

“—Well, supposing the both of us do get into the Dark Star Bureau that would make us ‘rivals’,” Gallerian sighed.

“Oh? So you’ve got your eye on the director’s chair too, Gallerian. …Well, you would, wouldn’t you. Someone without ambitions would never have studied with so much zeal. But, university grades notwithstanding, I’ve got no intention of conceding a single step to you. What’s sought in scholarship and what’s sought in practical experience are two different things, after all.”

“That’s true. Getting to the top of the Dark Star Bureau isn’t gonna be so easy that I can get a big head about it.” Lifting his index finger, Gallerian asked Loki, “I’ve got one thing I’d like to know. Loki—what do you think of the ‘Witch Trials’?”

Loki appeared to think for a moment, before replying, “…I think it’s something we just have to do. It is true that some unknown power is causing chaos in this world right now.”

“So you think witches truly exist?”

“Yeah,” Loki returned decisively. Then he lowered his voice a little and continued, “Actually. The Freezis Conglomerate had secretly been conducting research into ‘witches’ for centuries. I’ve read papers on it that we keep in our archives.”

“Wow…I’m a little intrigued.”
“Unfortunately they’re top-secret documents, and only direct members of the family are allowed to read them. So I can’t tell you a lot of what’s in them, but—in the past, and in the present day, witches do really exist.”

“…”

“Even if the Freezis Conglomerate rules the world, it doesn’t mean anything if that world is destroyed. So when I become the director, I’ll use my judicial powers to soundly exterminate all witches…I think that’s another mission in my life.”

“…I see.”

Gallerian lowered his eyes for a moment.

And then he quickly opened them, smiled, and said, “Except, I’m the one who’s going to become the director.”

“So you said. Well, I know that you’re quite exceptional. When Director Loki Freezis is born, I think he’ll make little Gallerian here into his second-in-command.”

The two walked along the road, joking with each other.
