Several months later, on a snowy day.

As it stood in the most northern point in the Evillious region, it wasn’t an uncommon occurrence for it to be snowing in Levianta. It had the four seasons, but compared to how things were in the south its summers were short, and its winter season was unusually long. For the people who lived in this country, preparedness towards the cold was a very commonplace, and yet essential, state of affairs.

That day all of those who had assembled in the Dark Star Bureau’s meeting room were garbed in bulky fur coats.

“Brrrr~ It’s so cold.” Hanma took his seat after adding some kindling to the fireplace. “Well then, let’s begin. Today’s meeting is on…Erm, what was it again?”

At Hanma’s question the vice-director sitting next to him passed him some documents. “It’s regarding this term’s successful applicants to the bureau.”

“Ah, that’s right. Hrm, I see, so this year there are…six of them. That’s a decent amount,” Hanma said as he skimmed the documents.

“All of them are Levin University graduates, and all of them are people of respectable families. –Well, they might extol this whole doctrine on ‘merit’, but it seems money does after all have some connection to academic performance.”

“That goes without saying. Yes…This looks good. I can’t see there being any problem with these—”

As Hanma moved to quickly bring the meeting to a close, the vice-director stopped him. “Excuse me, director. There is one name there—one individual that there is a problem with.”

“…And who might that be?”

“This one.” The vice-director pointed to one of the names written on the document. “Gallerian Marlon. The youngest in his class, with the highest grades.”

“…Marlon…As the name indicates, he is a descendant of the once royal Marlon family. There’s nothing wrong with his pedigree there, I would say?”

“And he is also the son of your former colleague Gandalf Marlon.”

“…Ah, that’s right. Gandalf. I do recall such a man having once worked here long ago. –In any case, there is precedent for a member of the Marlon family to work at the Dark Star Bureau, so there is no issue here. The Viwirtz family of the country of Marlon have done no meddling into the justice system. And all that being said…Vice-director, do you know the name of the person who built the Dark Star Bureau?”

The vice-director nodded. “Yes, of course I do. –Penry Marlon.”

“Exactly. Gallerian’s great-grandfather. The Dark Star Bureau should be pleased to have the descendent of its founder working here, should it not?”

There, a red-haired bureaucrat sitting across from Hanma stood up and declared, “The important thing here isn’t his family credentials. This applicant—Gallerian Marlon—is suspected to be the son of a witch.”

“My…This is the first I’m hearing of it,” Hanma said with a forced tone of surprise, continuing on to ask the bureau member, “Where did you get this information?”

“…Well that’s a…matter of confidentiality…”
Gazing upon the mumbling bureaucrat with delight, Hanma put his elbows on the table. “Heheheh. Well, I think I can guess the gist of it. Can’t say I’m terribly impressed with someone who is a member of the Dark Star Bureau being so friendly with a specific organization. Shouldn’t those who participate in the judicial system remain neutral at all times? You understand that, don’t you? Hm?”

“M-my apologies. But…I believe the information itself is accurate.”

“The child of a ‘witch’…So then, where is this witch now?”

“She was tried in this very courthouse fourteen years ago, and was executed shortly after.”

“Fourteen years ago…Oh! Could it be! You mean Elluka! That was a trial that I ran! Goodness! Imagine my shock to hear she had a child. I had no idea.”

I wondered if there was anyone who noticed the barefaced lies in the words that Hanma was spewing right then. At any rate all of the bureau members participating in the meeting were silent, merely waiting for his next words.

“—So then, assuming that is the truth. …What exactly is the problem?”

“Huh!? No, but…Letting the child of a criminal work for the bureau—”

“Didn’t I just say it? Justice must be neutral. No matter what kind of person they are, as long as their punishment has been carried out, then their crime has already been atoned for. Not to mention that a parent having been a criminal has no bearing on their child. …If he’d inherited his mother’s ideology and witchcraft, that would be a different matter. Heard anything like that?”

A different bureaucrat said, looking over his documents, “No. No such investigation results have come forward.”
“If my chief of the Dark Star Bureau’s Special Operations department says so, then there can be no mistake. At the very least he’s more reliable than outside information sources whose identities you can’t reveal.”

“Grr…” The red-haired bureaucrat sat down with a mortified expression on his face, murmuring quietly, “…Those jokers in the Special Operations Department are all your hand-reared pets, you bastard…”

“—What did you just say, Hodr?”

“–! N-no..nothing…”

“Hmm, I see. Well, regardless, we can’t afford to reject such a promising individual on the basis of mere rumor. That makes six applicants as planned. –Any other objections?”

No one spoke up.

In the end, the authority of the director sitting at the top of the Dark Star Bureau was absolute. “Neutral” does not mean the same thing as “equal”.

…Although, even that “neutrality” is suspect, in truth.

“No objections… Then we will close the meeting for today.”

Hanma stood and quickly made his way out of the meeting room.
