Chapter One —— Dream of a Mage ——

The great death of the Queen.
Not only is she my monarch, she's my friend.
She is one of my friends during a few years of boredom.
Today, she was dead.
Yes ah, people dying, this is normal.

It seems that I don't need friends.
If there was only me alone.
Right, if I had only been just one person.
I don't need to weep about that.
I always thought that the tears have already dried up a long time ago.

It's time to leave this country.
This way, I will no longer be sad.
If I was alone, there will be nothing to make me sad.
I have my goal.
I must find these things called:
"Vessels of the Sins"——

☯Elluka ~Lucifenian Palace's "Hall of Mirrors"~

The icy air.

Lucifenia has a cool climate all year round. Even though I was born in a country where it hardly ever
snows, I think the weather here is a bit hot.

At the Hall of Mirrors in the Lucifenian Palace, I saw the person waiting for me at the back of the door,
staring at the painting portrayed on the ceiling.

That was Nikolay Tolle's creation of the "Three Heroes". At the center of the painting, the king holds
his sword up high, and the three warriors knelt by his side. Apart from that, the painting also depicts the
king wielding a shield with the princess at his side. Anne loved this painting of him.

The person waiting for me didn't seem to be aware of my arrival. She opened the door and got in as fast
as the wind, as her transparent silver hair blew over her.

I silently took out a dagger from behind her. She's usually more vigilant than anyone else, but it seems
that she wasn't aware of my presence. What happened to her? Has she lost her mind over the painting?
Or is she recalling the tragedy that happened in it?

I was almost at her back. I raised the dagger on my right hand, towards her and…… Mariam barbed it
down at her back.

"Hey!"

"Ah."
