A sharp pain immediately struck my wrist.

The dagger that use to be firmly on my hand, flew to the air. As I heard it falling behind me, Mariam
quickly kicked my right hand. Oh, that's remarkable.

"Mariam, that was brilliant, but that kicking habit is really bad."
I told her jokingly; I saw Mariam's sullen stare at me.

"What are you trying to do, Elluka?"

"Nothing~! Since Anne is already dead, it's almost time for me leave Lucifenia! So before that, I need to
kill all the people who know me."

"Toy knives can't kill people."

Mariam picked up the wooden dagger that fell on the ground. She gently touched the blade with a finger;
a razor-like thing retracted on the handle.

"Sophisticated toys."

"Thanks for the praise. I was supposed to use that on you."

"But I avoided it before you did so, didn't I?"

Mariam smiled and shrugged, like I felt helpless.

"I'm not joking that I want to investigate, I'm accustomed to do so…… But you leaving this country?
What do you mean?"

"Can't you see the meaning? Ever since the death of King Alth and Princess Anne a few days ago,
according to the contract, I have no reason and obligation to stay on this country."

I got acquainted with this generation's king Alth 20 years ago. As I was still new; Alth, as well as his
lover, Anne; concluded a contract( This world praised it as the "Sanosun Bridge Oath", but it's really just
an employment relationship) to become one of Alth's subordinates.

From that day, I had been dedicated to expand the territory with a blood-stained blade. As a result,
Lucifenia was incomparable to what it was before. But King Alth died because of an incurable disease—
— the Gula disease. In this way, the monarch became Queen Anne. The Queen didn't focus on
territorial expansion, but was committed to enhancement and development of national power. Despite
the dwindling number of wars, my work didn't change easily.

Now, even if you say Lucifenia was the Evillious region's most fertile country, it's not the same as it was
before. "I want to make a country where kids laugh all day long", this was Anne's motto.

However, a few days ago, Anne, like her husband's life was taken away by the same Gula disease.
