War, accidents, diseases…… Many of my peers were killed. The only ones who lived were: Leonhart
the Commander of the Guards, me, and Mariam. Nowadays, the prosperity of Lucifenia, was exchanged
with numerous sacrifices.

Ever since I met Mariam, she was a young child back then, she had long been a good fighter.

You could say that one of Mariam's instruments of death is one pair of bleak eyes.

Even so, she has always been an elegant lady, with a role of a maid in the palace, making perfect
achievements.

"Elluka, you're the same as always."

"Oh, if you mean a priveleged mage with a warehouse full of magic, then yes."

"Yup. When I met you, you were already a female adult, I didn't expect you to be still like that after over
20 years. Your beauty. Maybe this is what you call magic, or for some other reasons……"

"Do you want to know?"

"Not interested."

"Oh Mariam, you always say such cold things~"

"Stop talking like a little girl…… Seriously, you're still the same, no matter if it's appearance or
character."

"Or am I?"

"As I was saying Elluka,…… please don't leave Lucifenia this early, I hope you'll come help this country."

"20 years, that should be enough for it."

"Although the Belzenianempire is no longer a threat, the friction between Asmodin and Elphegort is still
unsettled. Moreover, Princess Riliane is still 13 years old and her nature is quite clear…… This country
needs your magic."

Magic.

The ones who use magic in this country, I'm the only one. Anyway, this magic thing has long been
supposed to be an extinct skill. I believe only a few people know its existence. Even though the place I
was born in was known as the "Magic Kingdom", there are only few now.

Understanding this, I spoke up.

"Can't you just find another Mage?"

"That's impossible. You know best."
