"Well, I have an idea."

I pretended to think, but in fact, I already have an answer.

"You do know that I could train an excellent Mage for this country."

Yes, Lucifenia needs a new Mage, someone like me.

"You mean an apprentice? But I don't know how long an apprentice takes to be mastered."

"Why are you worried? As long as there's magic talent, it will only take 2 or 3 years."

"There's a person with magic talent…… that you've heard about?"

"So you're saying, as long as I have successors, I don't matter anymore, right?"

Mariam had surprised eyes as if to say "That's not what I meant!"

Suddenly, Mariam gazed at her back. Evidently, someone had entered the room. I turned around and
saw behind us, a blonde-haired girl, swept up in a crooked pony tail, standing.

"I'm sorry to interrupt the conversation of you two. Mariam-san, Leonhart-san has been looking for you.
It seems that he wants you to take a look at the new palace servant boy."

"……Ah, I see, I'll come with you. Elluka, let's discuss the things you just said in another day."

Mariam sighed helplessly and left the room together with Ney.

That girl was named Ney Futapie, the daughter of Mariam. They don't show their mother-daughter
relationship in front of others. I don't know if it's how Mariam educates her or it's her own cautious
temperament.

The teenager that Leonhart brought is the twin brother of the princess. This is Leonhart's personal way
to reunite the two dismantled siblings.

(I really like to see what he looks like, but I'd better go out now.)

I gently stretched my legs and paced. As I was just leaving the Hall of Mirrors, I heard the voice of the
Prime Minister Minis ringing in my ears.

"Oh, Elluka Your Excellency, you have to go out?"

"Yes, I'm going to Elphegort, intending to receive an apprentice."

"Apprentice? There's no need to cross the national borders, I could make arrangements with several
guards right now."

"No need, the people here are rather garish…… By the way, I heard that there's a new palace servant.
Do you still prefer young men?"
