"You're joking, I am not that stupid to lay my hands on the offspring of the old King…… Elluka, Your
Excellency, that thing you said to me about the servant…… The true identity of Allen, you could make
sure that it is confidential."

"Of course I know that. Well, I'll be going."

Minis was not yet finished but his dialogue would be eloquent, so I decided to turn away and leave.

Teach an apprentice for 2 or 3 years…… I don't really know if that's enough time.

I somewhat regret saying those words. Even if I said that and found noone, I would leave this country
directly.

To attempt to change the direction of the gears of fate; this approach is nothing like me.

I occasionally predict the future by means of a dream. That being said, I could not dream of a specific
time and place, only some fragments of what is to come.

However, those dreams, without exception, will come true.

I don't know when it will, but if it continues……

Lucifenia shall perish soon enough.

☯Elluka~ Elphegort Country's "Millennium Tree Forest"~

The Elphegort country is found in the north of Lucifenia; we've got a long history with these neighboring
countries.

Lucifenia and Asmodin originally belonged to the territory of the Belzenian Empire; Going through the
country's reconstruction of the regime system from my point of view, Levianta still can't be regarded as
what it was once called as Magic Kingdom.

Elphegort maintains independence all year round; In addition, the crops in the fertile soil have successive
years of good harvest; As well as accounting a quarter of their land for a forest, which is their element
to avoid invasion from other countries.

For a period of time, Elphegort had to implement single nationalism; the nations outside Elphegort had
already implemented it**. The Netsuma tribe are indigenous people who have been** treated pretty
harshly; until now, you couldn't see a few people from the Netsuma tribe. This trend has been
somewhat eased, but I heard that in some regions, discrimination remains deeply rooted.

The current monarch, Sohni Elphen as a pacifist, uses his army merely for self-defense. Although the
military strength is not as powerful as its neighboring countries Lucifenia and Asmodin, the Elphegort
people consists of an army that has a military commander with extremely high power and morale, which
is one of the reasons why the other countries don't dare send armies hastily.
