When it comes to religion, the main faith of Elphegort is Evillious' Levin Church, which also has many
different sects. However, there are also other religions in the area. Elphegort has the deeply rooted
Cult of Eldoh/Eldoh Sect. Eldoh was the name of a primordial powerful earth deity. Now, people pass
down tales of this deity manifesting as an enormous ancient tree, bringing peace and prosperity to the
country.

In the forest I was in, which was once also called “Eldoh’s Forest”, is the pilgrimage place of the Eldoh
Sect. But then, it was renamed by Levin Yappai(?) – the former king referred to it as the “Millenium Tree
Forest”.

“There has been fewer pilgrimages recently...... people with deep feelings too”

My old friend, who was in front of me, sighed.

Although I said an old friend, he is not a man, but a giant tree that had leafy branches that blocked out
the whole sky and had face-like figure on its stout. No, it really is his face. At the moment, I’m having a
conversation with the “Millenium Tree” – the earth diety.

“I didn’t come here to listen to your complaints. Eldoh, what are you babbling about?”

“What an impatient old woman. Hmm, for spirits to reincarnate into humans and to develop a mastery
of magic...”

It’s been a long time since I spoke with him. Eldoh could not conceal his puzzled look.

There are a lot of forest spirits that depend on him. As compared to humans , forest spirits have plenty
of magic in them. For as long as it can reincarnate as a human, that would give me a good disciple.

“Your ideas are so whimsical. Reincarnation is your specialty, so it’s not impossible....”

“That’s true. C’mon, give me two or three of your companions.”

I was near Eldoh, so I forced him to give an immediate answer.

To search Evillious for someone with magical talent is too tedious and I have no more time left. In order
to change the fate of Lucifenia’s demise, I should at least need an apprentice to help me.

Eldoh slowly opened his eyes.

“However, I do doubt your prediction of such a big country being destroyed”

“I’m afraid it is related to the ‘demons of sin’”

“Demons of Sin – The “original sin” was born in this forest and is divided into seven, scattered
throughout the world, each incorporated by a demon”

“Yeah, Venomania and Banica... Individuals who are the “victims of sin” would set off a catastrophe. The
princess of Lucifenia... is called Riliane. Can we not drive out the demon influencing her?”
