I removed a small hand mirror from her, it was very rough. Riliane said she picked it up as a child in a
beach. I’m afraid it might be a trap set by the minister. There was a seal talisman on the lens of the
mirror, losing its function as a mirror.

“Perhaps the mirror in your hand is only one part of it. And the ‘other part’ is still living somewhere
else... Well, this is just a speculation”
“All in all, I cannot let her be the same as Venomania and Banica... I must seek to prevent it from
happening again”

I said, mocking myself.

Five-hundred years have passed since I was entrusted by Eldoh to collect all of the sins. Having said that,
I never really took it seriously. I only accepted it because I was bored and just to kill some time.

If I took it more seriously, like gathering information and taking immediate actions, the tragedies would
not have happened. If the one who gave me the mission were not Eldoh, I would have been dismissed a
long time ago.

“Elluka, the dreams you had... can you specify them?”

“I’ve seen four images. The first was at the square where the princess Riliane is sent to the guillotine.
The second is when the palace is surrounded by many armed men. The third is when Lucifenia sent
troops to attack Elphegort. The fourth was when I saw the head maid Mariam... dead in the heavenly
yard”

I do not know the sequence of the images and what period they would occur.

“What dream was in purple?”

“The third one, where Lucifenia invades Elphegort. This future can no longer be changed”

There is a clear difference from my prepositions and other dreams I have; they have special “colours”.
Through colour, I am able to distinguish the true reflection of the future.

At the same time, if the dream isn’t “purple”, then the dream can still be changed. Conversely, it cannot
be avoided for the gear has already been established.

“If it fails, what are you going to do?”

“I’m going to flee Lucifenia. I don’t want to get caught up in the mess”

“......Well, you are that kind of person. However, it’s not the same as before right, Elluka?”

A gust of wind blew in the forest.

“...... What do you mean?”
