“The things that belong to you... You are afraid to watch them disappear right before your very eyes,
right? Instead of watching your beloved person die, you might as well escape and leave it behind. You
don’t want to repeat the “Levianta’s Great Fire Disaster”....”

"Shut up! Stop spouting non-sense, smelly old man!"

I flew into a rage.I punched Eldoh's "face" to vent my anger. But Eldoh only had a poised look; my fist
was in severe pain.

"Elluka, you are not entitled to serve 'justice'. To the world, it may or may not be better for Lucifenia to
exist"

"I know... Even from the start, I didn't fight for 'justice'! In short, Lucifenia's destruction is because of the
'vessel of sin' and it is my duty to suppress even before this situation occurs, yes!"

"......Yes. About that apprentice problem... I'm getting sleepy... Yawn"

"Hey! Old man! Don't sleep yet! Hey!"

I kicked Eldoh's yawning face. I didn't get any answer from him yet. As soon as he falls asleep, he won't
wake up for a month or so; nothing will wake him up.
"Smelly old man~"

I was in a restless mood; I continued to kick Eldoh’s roots when suddenly...

Whoosh

Something came flying from behind me. Accompanied by a feint cry(?), there was a slight pain on the
back of my head. I touched the place I was hit... It had a sticky feeling. I thought I was bleeding but soon I
understood that it wasn't the case - my hand had a sweet aroma. I turned around and saw on the
ground a smashed red fruit. It was a POMEGRANATE fruit.I do not know who smashed that fruit on my
head.

"Do not bully Eldoh-san!"

The sound was coming from the tree. Stationed on the branch was small robin; it had nice green
feathers. I looked around and saw the suspect who threw the fruit - a small chipmunk that stared at me.

It is more reasonable to explain to the Robin.

"I'm not bullying him, Michaela"

This mockingbird/robin is called Michaela, a spirit who is serving under Eldoh. Originally, forest spirits
have no form or simply cannot be seen by the naked eye. But they(forest spirits does not have gender.
"It" may not be appropriate to call them. I personally treat them as female) have the ability to transform
into forest animals. Because of this, forest spirits are allowed to be recognized by mankind and can
participate in human activities.
