"I think it's a good idea, knowing there isn't a breath of humanity in a distance(?)"

"Oh, there isn't any in the forest?(?)"

"Ah ~ I don't know. People don't usually come here...... Anyway, isn't it bad for a Lucifenian magic user
hanging around here?"

"It looks like you have a deep understanding of humans"

"Yeah, just a little. I learned from the people in the village and from a woodcutter named Pant"

"Michaela, are you interested in humans?"

"Hmm. But Eldoh-san doesn't let me out of the forest... there's no other way"

"Your master really is a stubborn old man"

"Yeah, Ha ha ha"

Michaela's laugh sounds like she's singing.

"I'll be going now, forest spirits"

I waved at them and headed for the forest entrance.

Michaela and Gumillia, two magical beings that serves Eldoh. My apprentice should be either one of
them.

On the way back, I caught a glimpse of a girl holding a basket and was picking fruits from the forest. She
must be the human Michaela was referring to. I hid in the bushes and stationed myself.

(It was really rare to see a member of the Netsuma tribe in Elphegort)

The characteristics of someone from the Netsuma tribe was white hair and red eyes(?). There was a
bruise on her right arm. Upon closer inspection, not only was the right arm bruised but also the her legs
and face was injured.

Repression, Persecution - I do not know why such words came to my mind. I shook my head, maybe
those are just scars when she had an accident. Looking at her face, she seems to be a clumsy kind of girl.
I could not afford to associate with her for she is from the Netsuma tribe(?).

The girl passed by in front of me and walked into the depths of the forest.

" --Ahh?"

As she passed in front of me, I heard her murmur some words.

"I'm sorry. I really shouldn't be alive"
