As time passed Gakusha’s wounds had almost all healed, but some scarring remained on the left side of his face and the back of his left hand.

One day, while taking a stroll in the surrounding area, Gakusha returned to the temple with a changed expression.
“Giyara-daishi. There’s trouble.”

“What is it, Gakusha?”

“I was heading to the summit just now and saw that there were some suspicious people with weapons at a hut up there.”

“Are they some sort of insurgents?”

“They might be. But they seem too well-dressed to be bandits.”

“Our food supplies are about depleted. And me aside, I can’t imagine it’d be comfortable for a big man like you to live off mountain plants. Perhaps this is a good time to descend this mountain.”

Before the sun had gone down, Giyara headed down Mount Inasa with Gakusha in tow.

On foot, they headed for the mansion of the Izami Magistrate, Okuto Gato.

On the way there Gakusha would hide his face with his hand each time they passed someone by, and so Giyara asked him, “Gakusha. Why do you hide your face so?”

“My face has grown hideous from these burn scars. I don’t want to show it to others.”

Without any other recourse, Giyara bought a fukaamigasa hat during the trip and gave it to Gakusha. “If you put this on, I shan’t expect anyone to be able to see your face.”

.

Upon receiving the news that there were “suspicious types up Mount Inasa” from Giyara, Gato had this reply:

“–They are probably the Crimson Robed Masses.”
“What sort of people are the Crimson Robed Masses?” Giyara asked Gato.

“They are a group that holds ill-will towards foreigners.”

Gakusha, who had been standing silently behind Giyara, asked Gato with his face covered by the fukaamigasa, “Why is it that you have not moved a hand to stop such a group, despite knowing that they are out there?”

“They have people lying in wait all over Jakoku. There are many who are in league with the Crimson Robed Masses, while pretending on the surface to be ordinary civilians. They are marginal, but nonetheless if I raise a hand against them, there’s a chance it will lead to a major uprising.”

“So you just do nothing about them?”

“I don’t have any real proof that they’ve committed any crimes. A samurai can’t just go around recklessly cutting people down without cause.”

“…”

Gakusha wasn’t satisfied with that, but as he couldn’t come up with anything more to protest with, he quietly withdrew.

.

Upon leaving Gato’s mansion, Giyara asked Gakusha, “I plan to resume my travels across various lands; what will you do?”

Gakusha thought for a moment, and then replied, “I would like to continue studying at your side. I still have not arrived at the answer of just who I am.”

“I’d like that. Well then, let us head off.”

And so, Gakusha decided to go on a journey with Giyara.
