After Gakusha had properly and courteously done the funeral rites for Giyara’s corpse, he headed towards a certain place.

It was the land of Izami, where he had once collapsed.

He had traveled with Giyara up until this point, but from here on out he would be alone.

He arrived in that land to recall his original goal.

.

After climbing Mount Inasa and approaching the mountain temple where he had once lived, Gakusha dashed into the nearby weeds and hid himself.

For he could see some suspicious people in the temple garden.

They all had swords in their hands. But none of them had the look of samurai.

And yet, they were not so filthy as to look like bandits.

Gakusha recalled what had happened four years ago.
Are those…the Crimson Robed Masses? Are they really still holing up here after four years have passed—

He had no desire to get mixed up with them.

Gakusha gave up on going to the mountain temple, and returned to the road he had come in on.

.

Once he had reached the base of the mountain, the sun had already gone down.

“…Looks like I had better find an inn posthaste.”

He had grown used to camping, but he certainly wouldn’t mind taking his lodging in a place with a roof.

A courier was passing by right at that moment, so after Gakusha had properly put on his fukaamigasa he asked him, “Excuse me. Is there anywhere around here where I could stay the night?”

“Like an inn? If you head a little way south there’s a place called Enbizaka. You’ll probably find one around there.”

Gakusha thanked the man and proceeded to walk south.

.

Eventually, the area around him grew steadily more bustling.

There were several shops lined up, and the road that went between them sloped downward into a hill.

The hill itself was Enbizaka, that the courier had spoken of.

Gakusha walked on, still wearing the fukaamigasa.
In the end, he’d been unable to part with this hat for an entire four years.

He knew by now that it was foolish to be concerned with the burns on his face, but even so it wasn’t that pleasant to see the grim expressions that would pass over whoever saw it.

After looking around for a short while without going down the hill, he abruptly laid eyes on the execution site.

It wasn’t that he had any business there.

But even so Gakusha walked over to it.

For he had noticed that there was a wooden rack before the execution site, and that a disembodied head had been set up on it.

The decapitated head’s hair was long, and stained with blood. Each time the wind blew, that bloodstained hair would sway back and forth.

Looking at it more closely, he could tell that it was a woman.

This head had been left here on display.

In other words, that meant this woman had been a criminal, and that she had been executed here.

Despite that, however, it seemed to Gakusha that her expression had been very peaceful upon her death.

Gakusha brought his hands together before the head, and started to recite a sutra.

.

After a short while, a woman approached with a flower in hand.

She bowed to Gakusha as he continued to recite his sutras, and then placed the flower before the decapitated head.

Then she stood next to Gakusha and brought her hands together towards the decapitated head.
“—An acquaintance of yours?” Gakusha asked her, stopping his chanting.

“Yes…She was my friend.”

“What sort of crime did she commit?”

“…She killed the owner of a clothing store and his family with scissors.”

Despite being just a head, and despite the hair being stained with blood, this head on display’s features were very lovely in structure.

He judged that she had surely been a beautiful woman while alive.

How could such a lovely woman kill people that way?—Gakusha moved to ask, but before that the lady cut in, “I’ve got to get going soon. If my husband finds out I’ve come here I’ll get quite the scolding.”

“…I see. Well then.”

Gakusha bowed to the woman, and she returned the gesture—then she headed down the hill.

“—Woman. Why did you kill those people?” Gakusha said to the head on display.

Naturally, no reply came.

A dead, weather-beaten head could not speak.
