The inn in Enbizaka was fairly good for the price, and Gakusha was able to spend a single night comfortably.

The next day, Gakusha headed for the execution site.

I’ve got nothing else to do. I suppose it’s my duty to perform a memorial service for the criminal.

When he arrived before the execution site, he saw that there was already a visitor there.

A blond and blue-eyed boy was facing the disembodied head with his palms together.

Was he an acquaintance of this person too?

Gakusha drew closer to the boy and began to speak.

“Did you know this woman?”

“…Yeah,” the boy replied, while looking up at Gakusha doubtfully.

“I suppose it’s only naturally that you would be suspicious of me with this fukaamigasa. Please pardon me; it’s to hide the scars on my face.”

“Are you a monk?”

“I am called Gakusha. As you have said, I am a monk who preaches the path of the enlightened one, and journeys to find my own answers.”

“The path of the enlightened one. …Does something like that really exist?”

“You are yet young, and judging by your appearance you are a foreigner. So perhaps you don’t yet understand Buddhism. I was once that way.”

Gakusha asked the boy’s name.
“My name is Ren…No, Kokutan-douji.”

“I have heard that name during my travels. Something about you and your companions eliminating evildoers.”

"It’s not really that we meant to…I mean, we just got caught up in various things by chance–”

“But it is true that as a result you have saved a great many people.”

“I guess so…but,” Kokutan-douji’s eyes filled with tears, and he fell to his knees. “But here in Enbizaka, I…wasn’t able to save her…!”

“Her–you mean the woman whose head is on display here?”

“…Yeah.”

Gakusha gave a sidelong glance towards the head. “You mean that this woman was executed here under a false charge?”

“No…She killed people. That is true. She was charged with that crime, and had her head cut off–I am the one who cut it off.”

“…What did you say just now?”

“I’m the one who executed her. …That’s what I said.”

For a short moment, Gakusha was speechless.

No matter how able he was, could a boy of such tender years really have been given the role of executioner?

“Those bastards at the magistrate’s office. What were they thinking, having a boy such as you—"
“It’s not that they ordered me to do it. I volunteered to do it myself.”

"…Why would you choose to do something so…”

“Because there was no one but me. –No one who could cut off her head…No one who could kill her.”

“…Young boy. You should stand.“ Gakusha held out his hand to Kokutan-douji. Once he had taken his hand and stood, Gakusha asked him, "I will ask again. What sort of relationship did you have with this woman?”

“She was…like a mother to me.”

“…I see.”

“I have a surrogate mother who raised me in my hometown. Of course I am grateful to her too…But she was like a mother to me in a different way.“

“I won’t pry. I am sure you must have your own circumstances. But…If this woman was your mother, then the least you can do is to pray that she may be able to reach paradise.” Gakusha faced the head on display and put his hands together. “Kokutan-douji. Are you able to recite the sutras?”

“A little bit…Kinouna forced me to learn when I was a child—”

“Oh, Kinouna? I dropped by Momogengou for a little while some time ago. She looked after me while I was there.”

”–! Really!? Is she doing well?”

“Mhm. She let me stay in her home for just one night. She demanded I provide proper compensation, you see. The next night I took up with a different inn.”
"…Ha ha. That’s just like her.”

“Finally you’ve smiled. That is enough. When a child has smiled, then a mother can be at peace–Kinouna, and her.”

“–Yes.”

“Come, let us recite the sutras together.”

Kokutan-douji and Gakusha stood side by side, and, facing the displayed head they put their hands together.

Then they started to recite the sutras in tandem.
