Heidemarie arrived in Toragay two days later, during the day. She first headed for the inn that Hanne was staying at. The inn that she’d attacked by mistake the other day. The World Police should have already reimbursed them the cost of repairs for the window and door that she’d broken, but she’d figured that she should also make her apologies to the owner of the inn as well.

It seemed that they had just started construction work for the repairs. Three men were on the job, and she found one among them that she recognized.

“Oy, youngster. Bring me that lumber.”

“Ah—Yessir.”

A young man that was being ordered around by a brawny man who looked to be the boss, and carrying a heavy pack of lumber–

“How are you, Constable Ayn Anchor?”

When Heidemarie spoke up to him and he turned around, he looked a little surprised for a moment. But then he continued to cart around the lumber, facing the other way and saying nothing in reply.

She spoke again while he was taking a breather once he had safely delivered the lumber to the boss. “What are you, doing?”

This time he replied. But his face remained turned to the side like before.

“Aiding with the construction. Helping people is one of the jobs of an officer, after all.”

“Hmmm. I’m on leave.”

“…And whose fault is it that things turned out like this?” Finally he turned to her. “Have you returned here to continue your investigation, Heide?”

“No, this place was a misstep. And actually, I’m suspended.”

“Then what are you doing here?”

“To see my sister. So-called, personal business.”

After hearing that and seeing her clothing, Ayn tilted his head to the side.

“If that’s true then why are you still in uniform?”

“These are, the only clothes I have.”

“…You and your big sister haven’t changed a bit. I wish you’d be a bit more feminine.”

“Where is she? In the inn?”

“She’s out right now. Or rather, she’s not in Toragay. I think she’s gone to Lucifenia.”

“Lucifenia?”

“Yeah, to see Puerick Rogzé. She’d asked him to look into something for her, and apparently its borne results.”

“Then, I’ll go too,” Heidemarie said.

Ayn stopped her as she moved to go. “If you go now, you’ll just end up missing her. I’m sure she’ll be back by tonight, you ought to just wait here a bit. …Is that all you came here for?”

“…Now that you mention it, there was something.”

She had to make her apologies to the female owner of the inn.

“You know me, so well.”

“I’ve finally become able to tell what you’re thinking, at least a little. Though, old Brigitta—the owner of this inn—is out right now too. She’s gone shopping.”

“I see…What is my sister, doing in this town? And you too.”

“—You know the lord of this town died of illness last month, right? She apparently had some doubts about the case. Like that it might have been a murder.”

Seemed the construction had reached a stopping point. The other two men outside of Ayn had started to lounge around there, sitting down. Seeing that, Heidemarie and Ayn sat down on the ground too.

“A murder?”

“Yeah. Hanne especially suspected Margarita, the marquis’ wife.”

“Margarita…”

“Hey, there’s no point going to see her. She’s not in town right now either. She’s not back from going to see how her father is doing in Aceid three days ago. Moreover, she apparently has other business there; she’s gotta discuss with the king regarding what to do regarding the next lord of the area.”

“Her father, also, fell ill right?”

“With the same symptoms as the marquis.”

“Hm…”

The conversation came to a halt, and for a time the two of them gazed at the sky wordlessy.

Poking at a pebble with her feet, Heidemarie spoke up again. “—Then, what are you, doing here, Ayn?”

“…I’ve been appointed to handle the case wrapup–That’s the official stance; in actuality, I’m secretly conducting an investigation into the ‘black market’.”

“Black market—You mean the one, conduction illegal transactions, in Freezis Fairytales, and other rare goods–”

“Yeah. The possibility has arisen that the black market is being secretly held here in Toragay. And so, I’m looking into it by myself. My superiors have tried to stop me for some reason, so I’m trying to keep it quiet.”

“Have you, had results?”

“Yeah, I’ve found several places that look like they might be where the transactions happen. …I’ve also managed to roughly determine the boss of the smugglers,” Ayn said a bit proudly. Then he quickly lowered his voice to keep from being heard. “The person operating the black market was, without a doubt—The lord, Kaspar Blankenheim.”

“–! But, you said he died…”

“Mhm. So then it seems the Toragay black market had gone on lockdown. The sales location I mentioned earlier is completely empty now too. But, fortunately, one of the smugglers is still here in town. According to them, the black market is opening again at a different location.”

“Where is that?”

“If you leave town and head north—”

Several people ran past the two of them as they chatted.

It sounded like there was some kind of ruckus going on in the west of town.

“…What’s that?”

Suspicious, Ayn stood up.

“I’m gonna go see what’s going on.”

“I’ll come along, too.”

“…Okay.”

After Ayn gave a word to the boss, he ran towards where the commotion was occurring. Heidemarie followed after him.

A crowd had gathered outside the Charity Institute. Something must have happened inside.

Heidemarie and Ayn pushed their way through the people there and entered the Charity Institute.

–The children were all sleeping. Every one.

Naturally, there was nothing strange about that sight at first glance. It was midday. It was probably their nap time.

If she hadn’t caught sight of a woman screaming half-mad next to the children, Heidemarie wouldn’t have thought there was anything unusual about the state of things.

“–! Peace officers! Augh…Please…please, help them!”

When she saw their uniforms, the woman clingily implored them for help. Strictly speaking, the designation of “peace officer” was for peacekeepers from before the World Police was founded—nowadays it would be more accurate to call them “police officers”. But now wasn’t the time to pay mind to that.

“What’s happened, Miss Rita?!”

“The children…Oh, none of the children will wake up. Not since morning.”

“…What did you say?”

Ayn put a hand on the cheek of the boy lying closest to Rita, and peered into his mouth.

Then he furrowed his brow and closed his eyes, shaking his head.

“…What is it?” Heidemarie asked Ayn.

“—It’s the same symptoms as the Marquis and Dr. Felix….How in the world…All of them at once, even.”

There was another man further in the room. He was pouring something that looked like a handheld tonic into the mouths of the children.

“There is someone, there.”

Heidemarie pointed, and Ayn noticed the man too.

“That’s Mr. Egmont. The pharmacist.”

After he made his explanation, Ayn spoke up to him. Egmont replied to Ayn with a grave expression, “Miss Rita called me here. I came as quick as I could…I’m giving them a restorative for now…but I don’t think it’s having any effect.”

“Shouldn’t you call a doctor?”

“…The only doctor in town is laid up in Aceid right now.’

“…I see. Is there anyone else with medical knowledge?”

“No. I just barely count, myself–No, wait a moment…Little Margarita! Dr. Felix’s daughter has a little bit of medical–

“No good. She’s in Aceid right now too…They’re just sleeping for now—we should take the sick children to a doctor in Aceid.”

“We can’t do that! There’s over twenty of them here! How do we bring them over all at once–!?”

“…Right. Then I’ll go to Aceid right now and bring a doctor here.”

“Please hurry. We’re counting on you!”

Ayn turned to Heidemarie.

“Heide. You stay here and watch over the children.”

“…Got it.”

Ayn nodded to Heidemarie, and then sprinted outside as fast as he could.

Immediately after, Rita started screaming again.

“—It can’t be…Aaah! Ingo, Ingo! Please, wake up! …Egmont, peace officer, help me…Please, help this child…Ingo–Ingo’s stopped breathing…”

Heidemarie and Egmont both ran to them at the same time, and simultaneously came to the same realization.

–The child’s body had gone ice cold.

There would be no helping them now.

It was likely plain from Heidemarie and Egmont’s expressions. Rita stood, and staggered over to lean on the wall.

“Oh…Ingo…Jonathan…Katya…Why…why has this happened…?”

Then she sat on the ground, and finally lost consciousness.

She closed her eyes, as though sleeping—”

“…Miss Rita!? Hey, Miss Rita, get a hold of yourself!”

Noticing the shift in her, Egmont shook her shoulder several times, but there was no response.

–Heidemarie could do nothing.

Unable to do anything, the only recourse available to her was to pray.

“Aaaahhhhh!”

Someone screamed. That was probably coming from Egmont, but it could be that Heidemarie was screaming inside her mind.

.

Neither the children nor Rita ever opened their eyes again.
