Having visited Puerick Rogzé once more, Hanne received from him some information on the liquid she’d brought him.

It was the one the sorceress had forgotten, that she found at the inn. The day after Hanne had reunited with Heidemarie, she’d taken it to Puerick and asked him to analyze it.

“My my, it’s quite an interesting article that you’ve brought to me.”

Puerick held out a bottle filled with the liquid before Hanne while scratching his head.

“Well then, what’s the verdict? Was this poison?” she asked. Puerick cast his eyes down and sighed.

“Uhrm, how should I put this…I certainly did find traces of poison in this.”

“–! Then—”

“However, it would be a little hasty to use that to determine that it’s a poisonous drug.”

“What do you mean?”

“First, let me tell you what this red liquid is…This is not any kind of medicine—I think this is actually a bodily fluid from some animal.”

“Bodily fluid?”

“If I were to put it more simply: it’s blood.”

Naturally, the moment she’d seen how red the liquid was, she’d been reminded of that herself.

But why would a sorceress be carrying around not poison, nor medicine, but blood?

…No, perhaps when it came to the personal effects of a sorceress, it made more sense that it would be something like this.

Puerick continued his explanation. “But this is a little different from regular blood. From what you told me, this had been sitting out for some time after it was left behind, yet despite that it’s hardly coagulated at all. Blood is something that progressively thickens when exposed to open air. That’s even if it’s in a small bottle like this. But this blood is still liquid. Such a thing would normally be impossible…But, I am fairly certain from my analysis that it is blood.”

“Would it be unthinkable that, if, say, there was some unknown animal that you didn’t know about, that this could be its blood?”

“There is that possibility. Or perhaps I should say, I can’t adequately prove it’s not. –Although, as it is still blood, I can’t say with any finality that it hasn’t decayed just because it hasn’t coagulated. Like meat, if blood rots then naturally it becomes toxic. At present I am reluctant to decide on whether the toxin I detected was a feature that had already been in it or something that appeared as a result of decay.”

It was a half-baked report of his results. In the end, the discussion couldn’t move past whether it was a poisonous drug or not.

Although, it was hard to think that she’d get anything more conclusive if she took it to another pharmaceutical expert. It was an undisputed truth that Puerick was the top in his field.

Hanne was unable to hide her disappointment—looked like it was back to the drawing board.

“I’m sorry I couldn’t be more help.”

As his words implied, Puerick did hang his head with a genuinely apologetic expression.

“Oh no, there’s nothing more you could do. And even knowing that this is blood is a good—”

–Blood, huh?…

An abrupt conjecture came to the back of Hanne’s mind.

Perhaps that it was a ridiculous idea. Ordinarily she wouldn’t even think of it.

But if a “Demon of Deadly Sin” is involved…

It would be dangerous to just dismiss the impossible as impossible.

Though Hanne and the World Police had searched, they’d found no poison in that mansion.

There were two possibilities she could think of. There had been no traces of toxin in the dead Kaspar, nor the ill Marx. From there, it was likely that they hadn’t located any ingredients that could be determined to be toxic as they were originally. In other words, it wasn’t out of the question that there were normal drugs being openly held in the mansion’s storerooms. In that case, it was all over for Hanne. Even if Margarita was the culprit it would be near impossible to catch her.

However, that had been repudiated by Puerick Rogzé before her. From his inspection, there wasn’t anything about the medicinal supplies or ingredients in the mansion that had been suspicious to him, and though he had experimented by having livestock consume them just to be sure, none of the animals had shown symptoms like the ones that Kaspar and Marx had.

Then that left only one option left. The drug must have been something that, once the people who’d swallowed it were pushed to a sleep-like death, disappeared from the body—for example, it mingled with the person’s blood itself. As people naturally began to rot upon death, toxins from their decay build up in the body. If a poisonous drug resembled those natural toxins, then even a medical expert like Puerick might not be able to notice it—

When she broached that theory to Puerick, he nodded several times with a great deal of interest.

“Yes, yes. It’s not impossible. –But in that case, how do you explain the situation of Dr. Felix? He isn’t dead yet. He’s still breathing, just asleep, and so hasn’t started to decay. Furthermore, there were no traces of necrotic toxin in his blood. I haven’t looked at him directly myself, but that’s what I’ve been told by the doctors in Aceid.”

“Ah…Well then…”

“—Oh no, sorry. That was a mean question. Actually, there’s been no complete investigation into Dr. Felix’s body. You can’t autopsy a living person, after all. You can’t make a more definitive judgment call if there was an abnormality in the organs rather than the blood.”

“By the way, regarding Lord Kaspar—”

“I autopsied him. As for his organs–Really, this is outside of my chosen field so I don’t know if I can conclude that so clearly–there weren’t any particular problems there.”

“…Then, it’s the same with Dr. Felix too…”

“We can’t dismiss it like that. Their symptoms might appear the same, but that doesn’t mean they necessarily turned out that way from the same cause.”

True. That was correct.

The two of them didn’t necessarily drink the same poison.

If Margarita hadn’t used an existing poison as-is, but rather refined and improved on one using her own research–

Hanne recalled what Egmont had told her.

“Yeah, well, she can’t sleep, right? I think she’s trying to make a medicine that will cure that—something that will make her able to sleep.”

That might not have been wrong. Or rather, that might have actually been the answer.

Wasn’t she—Margarita—trying to make

a medicine that would let her sleep?

She hadn’t resented Kaspar and Marx.

Supposing they had simply been—test subjects.

A violent chill ran up Hanne’s spine.

If that’s the case—then the tragedy…isn’t over yet.

Hanne stood.

“Doctor. I’m sorry, but I just recalled an urgent matter. I’m afraid I must leave for the day.”

“Oh, I see. It is getting very late. Take care going home.”

Hanne turned around and started to head outside without waiting to hear the end of his sentence.

–But something interrupted her before she could.

Two people were rushing in from the entrance.

It was two men wearing black clothing.

“Miss Hanne Lorre. We were looking for you.”

Despite them looking for her, neither of them looked familiar.

“Do you have some business with me?”

“We need you to come with us to Marlon ASAP.”

“First tell me who you are. This is Puerick Rogzé’s home. Don’t you know you’re trespassing?

It was clear from seeing Puerick’s surprised expression that they weren’t acquaintances of his.

One of the black suits took off his cap and bowed his head.

“Our apologies. It is, though, an emergency. We are messengers from the Freezis Foundation main headquarters.”

“The Freezis Foundation?”

“Yes. Miss Hanne, you must come back to headquarters. Your great-grandfather—Lord Shaw Freezis—passed away this morning.”
