The death of the commander of the Freezis Foundation—by the time Hanne had arrived in Marlon, this was apparently already common knowledge through all of Marlon.

It seemed that all of the capital Bariti was engulfed in grief. Black cloths that signified mourning were hanging up all over the place.

Surely everyone had to know that the long-lived Shaw hadn’t had much time left. Yet even so, that was outweighed by the shock of it being the death of the foundation’s leader. The country of Marlon in particular was one that had received the benefits of the Freezis Foundation more than any other. They were people who engaged in many forms of commerce to make their living, and there was no one in this country who didn’t have some kind of connection to the foundation.

All of Shaw’s children had long since passed away. That meant that one of his descendants or great-grandchildren would be the ones to inherit his position. Hanne didn’t have that much interest in such things. She didn’t know them that well. She’d just seen some of their faces once or twice. There were some of them that she’d never even met.

They could do whatever they liked about who would become the next chief minister.

Pretty sure my turn’s never gonna come up, anyhow.

Even if by some mistake that did end up happening, Hanne had no inclination whatsoever to accept.

She couldn’t allow such a thing. It’d be completely illogical.

As for why—

.

Bruno was waiting for her before the foundation’s main headquarters.

No, not just Bruno. There were several men in black suits who looked like guards, and one other person—

Heidemarie. She was still in uniform, and standing there with Bruno.

“You’re here too, Heidemarie.”

That was only natural. If Hanne had been called over, they were certainly going to call her.

Heidemarie tried to say something to Hanne, but Bruno cut in before she could.

“…This way.”

He guided them not to the main doors, but the back entrance.

“Right now all of the family is gathered inside. They aren’t eager to see you. Please understand.”

“—Yeah, I get it.”

They entered the back way, and from there walked through the hall that led to the chief minister’s room.

“Sir is sleeping in his room. –Yes, he is peaceful, just as though he were sleeping.”

There was clearly no sign of Bruno’s usual ambition on his face as he said that. He had known the chief minister for over fifty years. Though he might have been prepared for it he couldn’t hide his shock.

As though sleeping, huh?—

Hanne couldn’t help but feel an unpleasant sensation at those words.

A death like sleep—hearing that, she was instantly reminded of what happened in Toragay.

Naturally, she knew there was no relation between that and the chief minister’s death. He had been sick for a long time.

As they approached his room, Bruno unlocked the door.

“…Come in.”

She went in with Heidemarie.

The chief minister was inside like always. The only difference was that he wasn’t laying in bed, but rather inside a coffin.

Hanne bowed before the coffin and then gently touched his cheek. Just as Bruno had said, his face was peaceful and calm. At least it was fortunate that he’d passed on without any suffering.

Again. Again, someone I know has died…

He was such a kind man. And not just that. He had been overly serious, and at times inflexible. They had quarreled. He had gotten angry at Hanne, and conversely she had scolded him. Even so, in the end they always made up.

Hanne had had to part with people through death countless times before. Stroking his face, she recalled all the other people she’d had to say goodbye to before now.

.

–The corpse laying in fire.

He had poured unrestrained affection on me.

But I couldn’t return that love.

–My friends in their graves.

I couldn’t even be a witness to the moment of their deaths. Perhaps that was fate.

But, maybe if I had, I could have been able to save them.

–And.

That girl in pigtails.

Not Margarita. Although it was a green haired girl who looked an awful lot like her.

No, it’s the other way around. Margarita’s the one who resembles her.

What had she thought, the moment that her life had been scattered?

I couldn’t tell that from her expression.

.

A great many “deaths” outside of those ones whirled through Hanne’s mind.

It was true, people died. That was normal.

Yet even so…it was something she’d never get used to.

.

It had been a long time.

Yes, it had truly been a long time.

Hanne—she shed tears without caring what those around her thought.

.

“Have you finished your goodbyes?” Bruno spoke up from behind.

Hanne stood as though in response, no longer any tears in her eyes.

“This is the first time I’ve ever seen you cry. And Heidemarie…Composed as ever. Well, I suppose that’s just what I’d expect from her.”

“…”

Hanne understood. She was sure that Heidemarie was suffering on the inside. It was just that she knew how to express it even less than Hanne did.

Not even Hanne had ever seen Heidamarie’s tears. Surely, she must not have ever cried once in her entire life. But Hanne alone knew that it didn’t mean she was cold-hearted.

“Well then, I suppose now—” Bruno started to cut in.

“I know. We head out the back so that no one sees us—that’s what you want, right?”

But Bruno unexpectedly shook his head. “No. That’s not it, Hanne. Heheheheheh…”

He had retained his vigor, almost like his earlier expression of exhaustion had been imagined on her part.

His being depressed earlier had been an act–right as Hanne realized that, the black-uniformed men behind him had already raised their matchlock guns, pointing them at Hanne and Heidemarie.

“I’m taking you two to jail,” Bruno said, grinning boldly.

“…On what grounds?”

“My name, ‘Bruno’—you know that’s not my real name. ‘Bruno’…was the name given to the heads of the ‘Association’, a secret organization that worked in the Evillious region long before, and after it fell to be under the umbrella of the Freezis Commerce Alliance, the name ‘Bruno’ was given to the most faithful and trusted aide of the Freezis family—I am the one who has inherited that name of ‘Bruno’ today.”

“What of it?”

“Those who hold the name of ‘Bruno’ are given a particular privilege. Any time when there is no commander of the Freezis family–they are given full authority regarding the Freezis’ as a proxy, until a new successor has been chosen. It’s been officially announced that the next leader will be chosen a month from now. During the time until then…For only this one month, I reign at the top! I can use my influence however I like!

Now it’s simplicity itself to have the World Police listen to what I have to say!

HA HA HA HA HA!

“I see, so then these black-clothed men here are from the World Police. –Though, considering I can see they aren’t wearing uniforms, I can’t imagine they’re all that upright in their duties …Do you know them, Heidemarie?”

At Hanne’s question, Heidemarie only replied that she didn’t.

“Every organization has a dark side, Hanne. People who will do whatever I tell them to as long as they make money at it. There’s no one that loyal to the Foundation!”

“….Then, what are the charges? I can’t imagine that society will be silent on you arresting innocent people. Even the World Police has those who won’t bow down to you.”

“Hanne Lorre. You will become the suspect for the ‘Lioness Incident’ that occurred twenty years ago. The case where the town of Lioness burned down. Back then you took on the name of ‘Elluka Clockworker’ and set the town on fire, which resulted in the death of Dashaw Freezis!”

“…What bullshit! ‘Elluka Clockworker’s likeness has been passed around all over the place! She doesn’t look like me at all.”

“That’ll turn out somehow. The important thing is the fact that you were there at the time. As long as I have that I can make up some proof later on! …Well then, that leaves you Heidemarie. Shall I tell you about your charges next?”

Bruno turned to face Heidemarie.

“Two days ago, twenty-four people at Toragay’s Charity Institute died. Almost all of them children. …My, what a heartbreaking tragedy.”

Bruno implored the heavens with forced and acted gesturing.

“It all happened when you came to town. From those circumstances, you are undoubtedly the criminal! …So then, Heidemarie Lorre. You are being arrested as a chief suspect.”

On cue, the men in black clothing quickly circled around Hanne and Heidemarie, guns still drawn.

Hanne made no resistance, quietly letting them catch her. Her arms were put behind her back, wrists bound with rope.

“Not too tight. I detest pain.”

–But it wasn’t so for Heidemarie.

In the next moment, as a flash sparked around her, one of the black suits trying to arrest her was violently blown back.

“Guah!?”

Then he hit the wall and collapsed. It looked like he was in a stupor.

“He won’t, die. But his bones might be broken,” Heidemarie said.

She was gripping a gun in her right hand.

It wasn’t a normal matchlock pistol like the black suits were holding. It was a gun of special make that she’d created herself.

Just as when she’d attacked the inn Hanne had been at, this time she had fired a ball of light from her gun. For that property, Hanne had called it a “Firework gun”, but apparently Heidemarie hadn’t been all that pleased with her naming.

“–! She’s got a gun!”

“What’s that!? I’ve never seen a pistol like that!”

“W-well, circle her at any rate!”

As the black suits panicked, all the people present crowded around Heidemarie.

“…Tch, that idiot Hob. I told him to make sure she wasn’t armed…What a useless dumbass,” Bruno muttered, and then ordered the black suited men, “Can’t be helped! If she resists, kill her. The whole family’s probably on their way over to investigate that gunshot…Hurry!”

The black suits readied their guns again, and Heidemarie lifted her own in response.

“Heidemarie…Please stop,” Hanne said while still tied up, bringing Heidemarie to a halt. “Let’s not cause a scene before the sleeping chief minister—for now, anyway.”

“…Alright.”

Heidemarie obeyed Hanne’s words, and lowered her gun. Immediately afterward, the black suits both tackled her and bound her wrists.

“Good…Take them along,” Bruno ordered the men. Hanne turned to him.

“Bruno…There’s one last thing I forgot to ask you. –Why are you arresting us? If it’s because we’re the chief minister’s great-grandchildren…That can’t be the only cause.”

“Hmm…I suppose you won’t be satisfied with ‘because I dislike you’?”

“I find it hard to believe that a man who’s worked in the top brass of the Freezis Foundation for several decades would act on so flimsy a reason.”

“…This Freezis Foundation is ‘a house of cards’, after all, Hanne. In order to make it unshakeable, there are various people out there that I have to make nice with. …Even if they’re scoundrels.”

“—Pere Noel.”

“Very astute. That’s what I hate about you…Anyway, once I dispose of you two, I will become the next ‘Second, Dealer’…That’s the agreement I made.”

“Second, Dealer?”

“…Take them away, now!”

The World Police halting their investigation into Toragay’s black market had probably been at his order, too.

From there, the two of them ended up being taken somewhere from the back entrance.
