Hanne and Heidemarie had been put in the prison in the World Police’s Marlon headquarters.

Hanne was thinking—what was going to happen to them later on?

Bruno had said that they would be “disposed of”. If they interpreted his words at face value, eventually Hanne and Heidemarie would undoubtedly be killed.

The fact that they hadn’t been killed right away was because they were at the Freezis Foundation’s main headquarters. If any murders were openly conducted on the premises then even Bruno wouldn’t be able to talk his way out of that. It was because she knew that that Hanne hadn’t put up any reckless resistance.

But inside a jail away from prying eyes, it was a different story. Even if people affiliated with Bruno killed the two of them there, he could come up with some sort of excuse for it later.

Sickness, suicide, accident—any reason would do.

Of course, Hanne had no inclination whatsoever to quietly accept that.

They had plenty of methods for escape.

–But, before that.

There was something Hanne wanted to ask Heidemarie.

They had been put into separate cells, but fortunately they were adjacent. It was easy for them to talk.

“Heidemarie, you awake?” Hanne said, speaking up to Heidemarie who was in the cell left of her.

“Mhm…”
That was the only reply that came back.

“I’ve got something I want to ask you. Regarding your charges for being arrested—the people at the Charity Institute dying.”

“…That thing happened, while you were in Lucifenia. When I ran there, everyone was asleep, unable to wake up, and then—”

“Everyone in the Charity Institute!?”

“Yeah. All of them, the adults and children.”

She couldn’t believe it. How could those children, the mood-swinging Rita, all be dead?

–She shouldn’t have left Toragay after all.

Hanne regretted her negligence in thinking that there would be no more deaths.

Heidemarie continued to speak.

“—But, it wasn’t me. I didn’t, do something like that.”

“I know. Your being the criminal is just a frame-up on Bruno’s end. And I have a hunch on who really did it. Not just for that case. Marquis Kaspar and Doctor Marx and everyone have been ‘put to sleep’ by one person.”

“And, who is that?”

“—The wife, Margarita, I think. Though I don’t have any definite proof.”

“…But, Margarita, wasn’t in Toragay, on that day.”
That’s right. She had supposedly been in Aceid around then. It was for that reason that Hanne had gone to Lucifenia without worry.

“What about her coming back without anyone knowing?”

“I don’t think so. Ayn said that, he’d seen Margarita in Aceid when he went up there later, to call on the doctor.”

Margarita would periodically make meals for the Charity Institute children. So Hanne had thought she’d put poison into their food. But if Margarita hadn’t been in Toragay that changed everything.

Maybe it was a slow-acting poison? But I don’t think that Margarita ever went to the institute while I was in Toragay at least. –So then how in the world did she do it?

She didn’t think they had time to loaf around in jail. They needed to return to Toragay immediately.

They would have to do something about Bruno too. The way things were now, even if Hanne and Heidemarie escaped from the jail, they would still be pursued as criminals.

But they’d cross that bridge when they came to it.

“Heidemarie…Shall we leave soon, then?”

“Leave?”

“Of course, we’re going to leave from this cell.”

“But, my gun’s been taken away.”
“You don’t really need something like that—or rather, neither of us do.”

Hanne grinned. Of course, Heidemarie wasn’t able to see her face.

“…You sure?”

“Now that Shaw Freezis has died, it’ll be difficult for us to leverage any more influence with the foundation. And with the way things have turned out now…there’s no point in hiding who we are.”

“…”

“We don’t need to be ‘Shaw Freezis’ great-grandchildren’ anymore.”

“—I understand.”

“So then—“

In that moment. There was a ruckus from outside the cells.

“…It’s here! Heidemarie and Hanne must be in here!”

“…Good grief, why am I doing something like this for the likes of them…?”

Hanne could hear an exchange between a familiar voice and one she didn’t know. Both were male.

In no time at all the two of them appeared before the cells Hanne and Heidemarie were in.

“–! Ayn!”

“Thank god, you two seem to be alright. …Wait a minute, I’ll get this open.”

Using the key he held in his hand, Ayn opened the cells that they had been put inside.

“…Thank you, you’ve really saved us Ayn.”
Although well, we didn’t really need saving.

There was a man standing next to Ayn with a sour expression on his face. Hanne had no memory of him at all.

“And who is this?”

Heidemarie was the one who answered that question. “The chief of Justea, Hob Homer. …My superior.”

“Oh, is that so—Nice to meet you. Thank you for taking care of my sister,” Hanne said, holding out her hand for a handshake. Despite tentatively returning the gesture, Hob didn’t smile back.

“I wonder what’s gonna happen to me when this gets out…Hmph.”

Heidemarie was his subordinate, but she didn’t smile towards him at all; rather, she was glaring at him.

“Here. I’ve gotten this back for you.”

Hob handed over a gun to her. It was her gun, the one that had been seized from her. Even so, Heidemarie’s expression didn’t change.

“…I had thought, that you were, on Bruno’s side.”

“–It’s true that I followed his orders. But I had no idea it would turn out like this! Putting innocent people in jail…This is none other than an abuse of authority! …Despite appearances I am the proud leader of ‘Justea’. I can’t allow something that infringes on justice.”

“…I see.”
At that, Heidemarie smiled for the first time. –Although, it didn’t look like any kind of smile that someone other than Hanne would recognize.

Ayn cut in to the conversation.

“It’s like he said. Heidemarie can’t be the one who killed the people at the Charity Institute. I was with you at the time. And—“ Next, Ayn turned to Elluka, “You aren’t this ‘Elluka Clockworker’, either. …I know that. You’re reckless, and willful, and the kind of person to interfere in an investigation, but I know you’re not the sort of villain who would kill someone.”

“…Thank you. I’m so glad you believe in me, Ayn.”

“Come on, let’s get out of here. They’re short of guards at the moment. And—right now, Toragay’s in trouble. We have to do something!”

“Trouble?”

Hob handed Hanne a sheet of paper.

“…This is the Schuburg Newspaper slated to be published next week. I know the president there. I asked him to give me a copy. …Well, I figure there’s no problem showing it to you, you being a reporter yourself.”

Hanne took it and skimmed the contents.

Written first was the incident at the Charity Institute.
Twenty Four Dead at the Charity Institute—Cause Unknown

That headline jumped out at her.

And—when she saw the next headlines, Hanne’s face paled.

“What is this…’No End to Toragay’s Strange Epidemic in Sight’, ‘Travel Between Toragay and Aceid Prohibited’…”

It seemed the situation had grown dire far more quickly than she could have imagined.

“At this rate, Toragay is doomed. No, it might not just end there…Anyway, we have to leave now!” Ayn said, urging all of them to head out of the jail.

“Yes…We’ve got to. –But, Ayn. Before that, there’s something I ought to tell you,” Hanne said, exchanging a look with Heidemarie. She seemed to understand, wordlessly nodding.

“Something you want to say? What in the world—”

Before Ayn could finish talking, Hob fell to the ground right beside him with a loud bang.

“–!? Chief Homer!? What’s wrong? You just suddenly—"

As he tried to rouse Hob, Ayn finally realized something.

–That the one who had attacked Hob was Heidemarie nearby.

And that Heidemarie and Hanne’s body language was vastly different than it had been before.
“Ayn. You said that I’m not ‘Elluka Clockworker’.” Hanne slowly drew closer to Ayn. “But you’re mistaken.”

And then, Hanne held up a hand in front of Ayn’s chest.

“…St—stop it. …What do you intend to do? …Hanne Lorre?”

“’Hanne Lorre’—That’s wrong. That isn’t my true name.”

In the jail that had no windows, an impossible wind began to blow.

“In thanks for saving me, I’ll tell you. My true name—“

The wind gradually grew stronger.

So much so that Ayn was about to be blown away.

“Thi-this isn’t happening…”

“My name is—“

.

–Elluka Clockworker—

.

Ayn lost consciousness immediately after hearing those words.

The wind had slammed his body up against the prison wall.
