✥ Kyle Marlon ~The Country of
Marlon, “Marlon Castle/Right Palace”~

The U-shaped “Right Palace”, almost immediately
inside the castle gates, served as Marlon Castle’s foyer, drawing room, and residential
area.

Outsiders generally never entered anywhere in the castle outside
of Right Palace. In actuality, audiences and dinner parties took place here, as
this was the only place those tasks could be carried out.

Compared to the dreariness in other areas, the interior
design here was comparatively luxurious. My mother’s Gine Doll collection was
set out everywhere.

Gine doll was the general term for dolls made using
Nechuha wood; lately they’d come into fashion among older and young women. For
a long time now my mother had been collecting Gine dolls as a hobby, so she
owned quite a few.

The Right Palace used to have many paintings decorating
its walls, but nowadays they had mostly been taken down. The one remaining was
of the previous king, deep in the audience hall–A portrait of my father.

In that audience hall were three people: Keel, his son
Shaw, and a middle-aged woman holding a large package, who was likely their
attendant.

Shaw and the woman kneeled once they saw me coming, but
Keel remained standing at attention, and said to me with a disappointed
expression, “You’ve kept me waiting quite a while, Kyle.”

I tried to make the excuse that I had been caught up in
my work, but he was having none of it.

“Oh, and was your work so terribly busy that you had
to ignore my summons for well over a week?”

I passed by him and took a seat in the throne at the
highest spot in the room. “Don’t get on my case about that. I have my own
status to think about. I can’t just do whatever I like in the mainland.”

“Your status, huh…Well, fine. We’ve finally managed
to meet up, anyhow. It’s been some time, Kyle.”

Keel smiled.

“Yes, I’m glad above all that we both seem to be
doing well.”

Keel looked around him, but his eyes stopped on Shaw and
the woman, who were still kneeling. After that, he again looked at me and made
a suggestion.

“Is it alright if these two wait outside? With you,
redhead, if possible.” Pointing at Arkatoir. “I’d like to speak alone
with Kyle if I can. In private, as fellows and friends.”

“…I suppose that’s fine.” I moved my gaze to
Shaw. “This is your first time visiting Marlon Castle, isn’t it Shaw?
Arkatoir, since he’s here anyway how about you give him a tour?”

“Yes, of course.”

When he did, Keel smirked and clapped the woman on the
shoulder.

“You can leave our luggage in here, Gerda, so go
along with them. You two haven’t been able to see each other in a while, have
you? You should fawn all over him.”

“Huh!?”

The woman named Gerda and Arkatoir both turned bright red
for some reason.

“L-let’s go!”

Arkatoir hurriedly headed outside with Gerda and Shaw in
tow.

“…What sort of relationship do those two have?”

He seemed to delight in my inability to comprehend the
situation. Keel only responded, grinning, “It’s exactly as it looks.”

“…They’re not parent and child, are they?”

“You’re way off. To tell you the truth, they are a
madly in love May-December romance.”

“I see…Well, to each his own I guess.”

Keel took off his glasses, wiped off some dirt with a
piece of cloth, and put them back on again. Then, with a serious expression, he
said, “Well then, let’s get to the main crux of the matter.”

“Shall we move to a different room?”

If we were having a confidential discussion, then a
smaller room would probably be more convenient.

But Keel refused my proposal, saying there was no need.
“This is a conversation between a king and a citizen. This room is
fine.”

He was paying mind to my status. I was grateful for that,
but…

“That’s not like you to be so conscientious.”

“…Mikina brought it to my attention. Told me to keep
my manners in mind while in the castle.”

Ah, so that’s how it was.

A short while after that we ended up talking with each
other–a bit of rambling about our mutual circumstances, a bit about economic
policy such as dealing with the trade embargo towards Elphegort, and after that
about the circumstances inside Marlon.

I had thought I would be hit with a barrage of questions
about the trouble with Yukina and Germaine, but Keel hardly touched on that
topic. When I asked him why, myself, he responded that it was because he’d
heard the main details on that from Germaine and Yukina.

“…In that case then there wasn’t any reason for us
to go to the trouble of meeting like this, was there?”

When I grumbled that complaint, Keel gazed at me with his
usual smile and replied, “What do you mean? I just wanted to make sure you
were fine.”

That was a smooth way of putting it. In other words he
wanted to properly make sure that I had been released from the demon.

“Well, Keel. …How much do you know?”

“Before I answer that, I want you to tell me about
the current situation.”

“…What situation?”

“Don’t play dumb. The situation regarding the
Empress Dowager Prim and Ney Phatipe.”

That was likely not just evidence from Germaine and
Yukina, but from his own personal investigation too.

I knew from experience there was no point in trying to
hide it from him. I decided to speak honestly.

“…The two of them are in Castle Hedgehog right
now.”

“The royal family’s villa? What are they doing
there?”

I explained to him that my mother had gone to Castle
Hedgehog to bolster her ailing health and had yet to return, and for that
reason I had not met with her at all since returning to Marlon.

“I don’t know about Ney. I have no positive proof
that she’s there.”

“If you don’t have any proof, then why do you think
she is?”

“Dead soldiers were seen in the surrounding area.
…Ah, sorry, dead soldiers are–”

Keel interrupted me by shoving his palm out. “I
know. The monsters that Ney can control, yes? I heard about them from my
daughter…So such things are roaming around inside Marlon, hm?”

“Only the northern region right now. If we let them
loose it’ll become a problem sooner or later. You know that’s why I’ve been busy,
right?”

“…That sounds like an excuse to me, but I’ll forgive
you. Even so, with this…” Keel wandered about a little and dropped his
gaze, appearing to be sorting some information in his mind. “…So the
Empress Dowager is the mastermind after all, hm.”

Finally, I quietly murmured, “Mastermind? Mastermind
of what?”

“This entire chain of events.”

“And I’m asking what that chain of events is!”

I knew the gist of it already. But I still had to ask.

“What an unreasonably stubborn fool you are. In that
case, I’ll tell you my whole reasoning.”

Keel leaned forward a step before the throne, and began
his speech.

“The Empress Dowager Prim wanted to expand Marlon’s
territory. For that reason she needed to weaken the might of the country of
Elphegort and the Kingdom of Lucifenia, who had equal or greater power to
Marlon. So she allied with a sorceress, made preparations behind the scenes,
and induced both countries to come to blows.”

I was the only one listening to this speech. But Keel
continued to speak with a very willful voice, as though he were a politician
addressing a great number of citizenry.

“You, and even myself, both got caught up in the
machinations of her scheme. When both countries had lost their strength due to
the war and the revolution afterwards, you, Kyle, were possessed by a demon,
and you became a slave to your lust for power. And now Marlon has become the
most powerful country in Evillious. The Empress Dowager must be pleased with
that!”

There was anger in Keel’s tone. I had a little trouble
understanding that. The ones who had gained the most due to Marlon’s expanse of
influence and the wartime demand that accompanied it were none other than
himself and the merchants.

Was it out of a sense of justice? Couldn’t be. Keel
wasn’t the type.

“Why are you so upset, Keel? This isn’t like
you.”

Keel replied, deadly serious and the loudest he’d been
all day, “Isn’t it obvious? It’s thanks
to all that that Yukina’s been put in danger!”

…Every now and then I was unable to tell if he was a sharp
and able man or just a simpleton.

Seeming to have realized that he was getting too worked
up, Keel cleared his throat as though to remonstrate himself.

“…Well, and there’s the fact that even I am a devout man, as far as things go.
I can’t really stomach the thought that the country’s prosperity and the
success of my merchants was brought about by a contract with a demon.”

“But isn’t all what you’ve said merely conjecture on
your part?”

“What? Do you still deny the existence of the demon
that had been possessing you, even now? With all the witnesses?”

“Well, that…I accept. But you don’t have any certain
proof that this was all my mother’s doing.”

I knew that was a bit of a stretch. The hand mirror that
the demon had possessed was something my mother gave me. That was proof, more
than anything.

But perhaps my mother
was merely deceived by Abyss I.R.

Abyss was dead now.

My mother could have snapped out of it, and was avoiding
me out of regret for all the crimes that she’d committed up until now. …There
was that possibility, wasn’t there?

Or–perhaps my mother had been locked away in Castle
Hedgehog by Ney, having gone out of control, or maybe even Elluka.

There was a basis for that too. If my mother’s aim was
Marlon’s prosperity, then would she really allow dead soldiers to rampage in
her own country?

Yes, there was a large contradiction forming here. It was
natural to think then that Ney had summoned the dead soldiers of her own
judgement.

Perhaps Arkatoir’s earlier words had been on the mark. If
those dead soldiers had been summoned to aim for my mother’s life–

In any case, we needed to hurry over there.

“Anyway, until I can meet my mother and ask her the
truth directly, I can’t believe all of your theory.”

“Ask her directly? Are you planning to go to Castle
Hedgehog?” When I replied in the affirmative, Keel scratched his head,
combing his fingers through his hair. “Aren’t dead soldiers roaming around
there? I can’t imagine you’d get through so easily.”

“I have been preparing soldiers for that. We have to
suppress the dead soldiers anyhow.”

Dead soldiers–this would be the Marlon soldiers’ first
experience fighting them as enemies. But there were some people who had experience
actually fighting them staying in the Freezis estate. It’d be a great help if I
were able to get some advice from them.

After Keel sighed out distractedly that I could do as I
liked, he turned around.

“Ah, that’s right. I forgot I’d brought this with
me.” And then he began to unwrap the package that Gerda had been carrying
earlier. “See, look here. Do you remember this painting, Kyle?”

What Keel had brought was a picture that depicted a
golden-haired girl standing with the coast on the background. Beneath it was
written the pen-name, “Karchess Crim”.

Of course I hadn’t forgotten. This was the sole remaining
picture I had painted. I had made it when I was a child, so I was a little
embarrassed at how conspicuous its technical childishness was, looking at it
now.

Embarrassed? What
do I have to be embarrassed about?

I had already given up on painting. There was no reason
at all for me to be embarrassed about it.

As I’d been unable to bear discarding it in spite of
myself, Keel had bought it off me.

“Why did you bring that painting here?”

“Well now, there’s something a little interesting
about it.” Keel tapped on the girl in
the picture. “I wanted to talk to you about the girl that you used as a
model for the one in this painting.”

The girl I’d used as a model?

I had only met her once. She was a girl that my mother
had brought to the castle when I was fourteen, saying she was the child of a
relative. I had been left as her playmate.

She was a very quiet girl, and told me nothing about
herself. After she’d stayed in the castle a short time, she’d left without
saying goodbye.

I’d begun this painting with casual feelings, as it had
started out as a way to kill time. As the girl who I’d modeled it off of had
left midway through, I’d had to complete it by painting the rest from memory.

But a good event came out of that painting. Though be
that as it may, if it hadn’t been praised by Mrs. Margaret, I might have
disposed of it ahead of time.

Anyway, I knew nothing about that girl except for my
mother’s statement that she was the daughter of a relative. I didn’t even know
her name.

…No, perhaps I had heard her name. But I’d forgotten it.

“What about
the girl I’d used as a model?”

Frankly, I had no idea what connection she could have to
our current conversation, and I didn’t know why Keel had deliberately brought
that painting here either.

“Well, I have some information that I’d gotten my
hands on by chance during my various investigations…It might be quite shocking
to you.”

“Just tell it to me straight.”

It seems he’d brought the painting with the intent to
talk about it.

“Well then. Kyle, this happened about twenty three
years ago…”

“By that you mean when I was four.”

“No, when you were eight. Why are you trying to hide
your age so casually?”

“Sorry, bad habit…”

“Well, leave that sort of thing for when you’re
flirting with women… Let’s get back on track. Back then, the Empress Dowager
Prim left the public eye for a short time. As for the reason why–I presume it
goes without saying?”

“Yes…In that case, I remember. I only properly
understood a great deal later what had happened.”

At that time, my mother had gotten pregnant. By all rights
I should have a brother or sister related to me by blood, but in the end it had
been a stillbirth.

I had heard that due to that my mother had become unable
to bear any more children. After that, my mother concentrated all of her
affections and hopes on me.

“You weren’t present for her delivery, were
you?” As he asked his question,
Keel’s usual smile vanished from his face.

“Of course I wasn’t.”

“I see…The thing is, I heard the story from the son
of the midwife who worked at the time–though she herself is dead now.
According to him, the Empress Dowager Prim did not truly have a stillbirth back
then.”

Without thinking I stood up from my throne. “Are you
saying that the child was still alive!?”

“Indeed. But to the public she made the baby out to be
dead, and hid their existence. Though I don’t know why she did that.“

“Wait a minute. So you’re saying—“

“Yes. The girl in this painting is the baby from back then…Your
little sister.”

It was all too incomprehensible for me; I grew dizzy. I fell
back in the throne.

“Why would…Mother do such a thing…?”

"That I don’t know. I’m not some dictionary that
knows everything.”

“…What happened to her? Is she still alive!?”

Keel nodded. “Yeah, she’s still alive.”

I stood up once more. I approached Keel and gripped his
left arm.

“Where is she? If I can I want to meet her.”

Keel replied, while brushing off my hand, “…She’s in
Castle Hedgehog. You just said that yourself.”

“What are you…!?”

It couldn’t be.

I couldn’t stand any more. I fell to my knees on the spot
and hung my head.

“Have you finally figured it out?”

I could hear Keel speaking from above me. To keep on
talking without hesitation on something like this was a sign of his
cold-heartedness. But right now wasn’t the time for me to take offense to that.

Ney Phatipe.

Mariam’s adopted daughter.

The head of the Special Maneuvers Task Force.

A cruel and nasty woman.

She was my–little sister!?

Even after Keel and the others went home, I had not moved
from the audience hall.

Arkatoir had stayed by my side out of concern for a
little bit, but after I ordered him to leave he headed out of the room, only
saying “Please take it easy from working today and get some rest soon”.

I got to my feet, and stood before the portrait of my
dead father in the background.

My father who had been timid and weak in constitution.
The man who had been my mother’s puppet, just like me.

I guess you
didn’t know about this either.

I hit the surface of the painting with my fist as hard as
I could.

We’ve been such blockheads. You, and I…!
