Lich continued to fly along the sky above the forest.

All he could see beneath him were withered trees.

Maybe if the whole forest were to die out this way, Held’s power would also diminish.

But…that wouldn’t be a very convenient way to go about it.

That “black wind”…Is it starting to weaken?

It was nothing more than intuition. It was clear that the “black wind” had some sort of component that had a negative impact on plants, but it wasn’t something that could be seen with the naked eye.

Just to be sure, Lich landed down on a branch of one of the withered trees and took a close look at it.

…Several new leaves had started growing there.

The power of nature, or even the world itself, to continue to survive—it’s starting to win against this “black wind”.

He didn’t know if he should be disappointed or elated.

At some point Lich was approached by Eater, who called out to him, “Big Brotherrr. I caught a fish!”
Grasped in his arms was an enormous fish the likes of which Lich had never seen before.

So it seemed that Eater was also quite accomplished at fishing.

“Very good, Eater.”

Lich hopped down from the branch and flew over to the bear’s shoulder.

“Big Brother…Have you quit trying to leave the forest?”

“Certainly not. But…I think I can stand to be a little more patient about it.”

“…?”

“Patience is a virtue, after all—Naturally, I won’t just be idly waiting. There are many things I can do even here in the forest. More humans pass through here than I once thought. First I will need to gain more information on the world from them.”

“I wonder if…Vlad and the others are doing okay.”

“Who knows…But the day may come where I rejoin my efforts with theirs once more. Until then—I shall wait here.”

Even if Lich didn’t take action, the world would keep going on its own.

Though some might call him timid…

That was just another way of living.

“Now then…I think I shall go back to examine that strange mud.”
Lich spread his wings.

“You don’t want to eat any fish, Big Brother?”

“You eat it. You’re much bigger than me, anyway. I…will be fine with your leftovers.”

Lich flew off into the blue sky.
