The feelings that sprouted within a young Adam from the very beginning.

Were “isolation”—

And “anger” at the world.

.

He was an abandoned orphan.

A baby who had been chucked up onto the coast should by all rights have ended his too-brief life without being found by anyone.

But, as though balance out his accounts, some good luck fell on unfortunate Adam.

A single white whale that appeared at that coast scooped him up in its mouth and took him to a nearby fishing harbor.

Thanks to that he was discovered by a fisherman, and was able to narrowly avoid death.

.

He wasn’t even sure if Adam was his real name or not.

As a baby he had apparently been clutching a small, clear bottle when the fisherman found him.

The parchment that was inside that bottle had only this written on it:

.

–Adam Moonlit.

.

The fisherman concluded that this must have been the baby’s name.

.

…Adam was able to live peacefully until he was five years old.

He didn’t have many memories of that time himself.

Just that he was unable to sleep one night for the pounding rain he could hear outside his house.

And then suddenly an enormous amount of seawater was flooding into the house. He concluded it was seawater because it was salty.

Without any chance to resist, Adam was swept away—and before he knew it, he was buried in rubble.
What Adam saw when he finally managed to crawl his way out—

Were buildings that had been destroyed by a tsunami.

And piles of dead bodies.

.

Even though he had no relatives, Adam had to keep living somehow.

He staved off hunger by eating rotten fish that washed up on the shore, and used the rubble to build a crude shelter.

From time to time that white whale would appear at the coast. Adam had no knowledge at all that this whale had once saved him, but at the very least its big body and eyes came to soothe his loneliness.

Eventually Adam tried talking to this white whale that would show itself before him.

“What’s…your name?”

Naturally, a whale could not respond to a human’s question.

…But to Adam’s ears—

He was convinced that he could hear that whale’s voice come through.

“…I see…So you’re named ‘Catherine’.”

Perhaps that was just an auditory hallucination brought on by Adam’s isolation.

Even so, he continued to talk to Catherine—and as he did, he came to connect with her as his “family”.

“Hey, Mother, look at this.”  
“I had this bottle when I was found.”

“It’s so clear, it’s really pretty.”

“Just like your eyes, Mother.”

“…Hey, Mother.”

“Why is ‘living’ so painful?”

“Why has no one come to save me?”

“Why did the world abandon me?”

“Why—”

“Why—”

“Why—”

.

Not knowing his real mother, the boy gained some peace of mind by regarding an inhuman animal as his mother instead.

But even if he had been a child of the gods—

Once he had fallen to this decayed world, his heart started to rot and grow sullied.
