Speaking only of results, Adam was indeed deceived by Horus.

Even after going to the Twelve Royal Capitals, he was unable to meet with his real mother.

“I can’t right away. Your mother is in a very important position, and there are circumstances getting in the way.”

Having it explained away as such, Adam ended up living in the Royal Research Institute with Horus for a short time.

And so several days passed…and several weeks…and then several months, and before he knew it talk of his mother grew vague and hazy, and Adam wound up becoming Horus’ adopted son.

“I can’t allow you to meet with your mother as you are now. You’ll need to study to become much more refined…More noble.”

That was how he would talk about it.

It wasn’t just because he was a child that Adam readily believed all of this.

All other things aside, Horus was a very persuasive man. If he hadn’t been a scientist he probably would have been very successful taking on swindling as a profession.

On the other hand, there was no possible way to compliment the solitary Horus’ methods in raising a child.

From time to time Adam would feel like he was less a human being and more just livestock.

He was never troubled by hunger or cold anymore, and through Horus’ teaching he came to learn great knowledge.

But through that he was also able to understand in greater depth the disparity in experiences between him and other people.

Those who lived in the Twelve Royal Capitals led affluent lives through the benefit of their legacy pieces.

But the only clothing Adam had been given was a simple white doctor’s robe, without any adornments. He ate the same thing every day, bland solids whose color he couldn’t even make out.
He was only allowed to go outside for one hour a day, and that was to buy things under Horus’ direction. After that he would just be made to study inside the institute.

He wasn’t going to die.

But could this be called “living”?

Every day that question would go around in his mind.

.

“When will I be able to meet my mother?”

When he had grown up, Adam came to ask Horus that question more and more.

But the simple answer he got back was always the same.

“Not yet.”

By then Horus had gotten significantly thinner than when they’d first met, and looked to be in poor health.

He hardly ever did his own research anymore, instead entrusting the bulk of it to apprentices.

And by then, Adam too had come to help out in the institute alongside those apprentices.
