Adam was first able to learn the true identity of his real mother after Horus had become bedridden from illness.

“…I’m at my limit. I suppose this is just an inferior body, after all.”

That was what Horus said of his condition, in his own particular way.

“As for the institute…I will bequeath that to you,” he told Adam, who stood there by his bedside.

“…” Adam nodded without saying anything.

On his face there was no sign of grief for his adoptive father being on the verge of death.

Nor was there joy at having inherited his position.

“Why…did you adopt me, Father?” Adam asked Horus.

“…”

“Why did you go out of your way to find me, someone with no relation to you at all, and lie to me about my mother?”

“…?”

“I’m an adult now. I know that much…You never knew my mother. You used that as bait to trick me into being your adopted son. What I don’t know is why you had your eye on me to such an extent.”

“…Ha ha.”

Horus laughed, his expression pained.
“What’s so funny?”

“I never lied to you. I know who your mother is and where she is now.”

“Then tell me. Before you die.”

Horus shifted his gaze from Adam and looked up at the ceiling. “…Yes. I suppose it’s time.” He nodded, as though steadying his resolve, and then turned back to Adam. “The queen of this country, Alice Merry-Go-Round…Do you know her true name?”

All those who became the queen of Levianta received a new name, with all their past history erased by the senate.

Given that the present head of the senate was Miroku, there was no doubt that at the very least the queen had come from the special orphanage run by the Loop Octopus Family.

But Adam wouldn’t have known anything beyond that.

“…No,” he replied honestly.

Horus closed his eyes, and then slowly declared, “…Her true name—is Maria Moonlit.”

“–!? Moonlit…Truly!?”

That piece of parchment that had been inside the small bottle.

It was the same as the last name that had been written inside.
Adam timidly asked Horus, “Are you saying…the queen is my mother?”

“I am.”

“Then…Why did she abandon me!?”

“The queen must maintain her purity. She’s not allowed to have children.”

“So I was…an unwanted child?”

Horus slowly sat up from the bed.

“This ghost called political power…Senate head Miroku is possessed by it. It was his doing, believing that her infidelity would lead to his downfall.”

“Miroku…”

“That’s not the only thing. Miroku is brainwashing the queen, making her into his puppet. He conspired with a certain scientist and had him create a brainwashing drug,‘Venom’.”

Horus stood, and headed for the entrance door on his wobbling legs.

In addition to his left eye, which had been blind from the start, there wasn’t much sight left in his right one either.

“But how do you know about—” Adam asked Horus from behind him.

Without turning around, he replied, “Because that scientist…was one of my apprentices.”

“–!?”
“He goes by the name of ‘Seth Twiright’…Take care. Someday he may…appear before you.”

“…What should I do now–?”

“That is for you to decide.” Horus pointed to a drawer in his desk. “Inside I have a list of the locations of all my ‘allies’. Every one of them is someone who hates the current regime, and wishes to reform this country…You would be wise to pay them a visit, if you have need of them.”

A collection of political dissidents…Horus may have been one of them, or perhaps even their leader.

Him finding Adam, the son of the queen, and adopting him may have also been for that goal—

But Horus said little more than that, and moved to open the door to head outside.

“…Where do you plan to go?”

“I will be alone when I die…That is what I have decided.”

Saying only that, Horus left the institute.

.

–He never saw him again.

As there weren’t many people who had known that Horus died, he was regarded as having likely passed away in some hidden place.
