Just as Horus had said, Seth appeared before Adam himself.

Only, there was no proof that he was the genuine “Seth Twiright”. He had just called himself that.

Still, given that he was the spitting image of Horus from his younger days, Adam and the other researchers were unable to bring themselves to rebuff him outright.

“…You don’t look all that different in age from me,” Adam said to Seth questioningly.

“I just look young. I studied under my mentor long before he became the head of this institute. …That must have been close to twenty years ago.”

That would make it over five years before Adam had met Horus, at least.

“So then…why come to the institute now?”

“Well, I just figured that you guys might be in a bind now that my mentor’s up and vanished. So maybe I’d be able to help.”

Judging from how Horus had spoken of him, he didn’t seem to feel too warmly of Seth.

That was possibly underlined by the fact that not only had the other apprentices never met him directly, but they hadn’t even known he existed in the first place.

It hardly seemed right to let such a man help in his father’s institute.

“…You’re not needed. All of our research is progressing steadily enough.”
“—Including the ‘Next Queen Project’?”

“…”

The “Next Queen Project” that he spoke of was something that only those involved in it knew about.

“I see…So we can be certain that you have a connection to my father, at least. So then—”

Seth raised a hand, as though to cut off Adam mid-sentence. “Ah, let me say up front that I am not his child. I get that a lot, since we look so alike.”

“Then—”

“Though I guess we might have some distant relation? Something like that.”

It was an incredibly vague answer.

Naturally, that wasn’t the only doubt that Adam had regarding him.

My father told me…that this man was scheming with Miroku to control my mother…

If that were true, did Seth know that Adam was the queen’s son?

“…”

He felt it would be dangerous to just ask him point-blank.

He couldn’t read Seth’s intentions.

And he couldn’t help but think that his coming to help in their research was also some means to an end.

But he was also someone who might have clues regarding Adam’s mother, who had come here all on his own.

It might not be a good plan to just send him back at this point.
“…Alright.”

For now, he would just grant Seth permission to enter the institute.

.

Seth didn’t just resemble Horus in terms of appearance.

He was also something of a “smooth talker”. In the course of several days he had managed to get on well with all the other researchers, and was accepted by them.

Seth’s knowledge on artifacts was enough to astonish even Adam. The “Second Queen Project”, which had indeed ground to a halt after his father’s death, was able to begin making progress again with just a little advice and a “present” from Seth.

“The ‘Seed of God’…What an extremely curious item.” Adam stared hard at the small black box in his hands. “What’s inside only looks like plain liquid at a glance. But it’s…most certainly alive.”

Seth quietly laughed, adjusting some equipment nearby. “It’s something I extracted from the ‘Sin’ below the temple of LeviaBehemo. These are most certainly some of the gods’ cells—Thinking on it like that, they seem pretty innocuous.”

“So you’re saying if we use this there’s a higher chance of creating someone with magical power on par with a god…But how did you come by it?”

“I’m good friends with the head of the senate. I asked him to let me into the underground section of the temple.”

“…My word.”
So Seth did appear to be scheming with Miroku after all.

“Then…did you meet the queen?” Adam inquired.

“…? Why do you ask that?”

“You went to the underground part of the temple…So then you would have had to pass through the ‘Hall of Glass’ on the surface. Where Her Majesty lives.”

“Ah…No, I didn’t go through there. There’s an alternate route to get to the underground area.”

“So you’ve never—”

“Never met the queen even once. I have no need to, for my research,” Seth replied brusquely.

“Seth. Your research…It’s into the legacy pieces, right?”

“Naturally there’s that too. But I would say…I’m far more invested in living things than inanimate objects.”

“Living things?”

“The analysis of things that are living, including humans. You could say this ‘Second Queen Project’ is in line with my theme as well…That’s why I’m helping out like this.”

Horus had also been a researcher who specialized in that field.

What was more, it was through banking on this and his being the foremost authority on artifact research that he had been entrusted with the position of institute director by Senator Vaju.

“Oop…There’s not enough reagent.” Seth opened the lid of the machinery before him and poured inside a grey liquid in a beaker.

“Then what about your knowledge of drugs?” Adam asked again.

“What a silly question. Someone without any knowledge of pharmaceuticals could hardly work at an institute like this.”

“Then what about, for example…a drug that can control someone’s mind—”

At that question, Seth stopped what he was doing.

Then he turned around, and brought his face right up to Adam’s.

“I’d like you to stop with these roundabout questions, Adam. You—want to ask me about ‘Venom’, right?”

“Uh…Yes, that’s right.”

The brainwashing drug, “Venom”, that he had made to control the queen…Adam had never thought that the other man would be so direct about confirming its existence, and so he replied in the affirmative with some consternation.

“Did my mentor tell you about it? …Yes, certainly, that was a fairly useful item borne from the fruits of my research.” Seth lightly jabbed at Adam’s forehead with his index finger. “The human mind is such a bothersome thing. To such an extent that from time to time even the person it belongs to can’t control it…But on the other hand you could say that this obfuscates the possibility of being easily manipulated by another person.”

“That would be quite convenient, if there were such a method…You could even rule a country.”

Adam had intended for his words to be laced with hidden meaning, but Seth either didn’t notice or simply continued on cheerfully while ignoring it.
“There used to exist people with special powers called ‘Inheritors of Levia’. A power titled after the name of the dragon god.”

“What kind of power was it?”

“A power that ‘could even rule a country’, as you say. In other words…the control of people’s minds.”

“But you said ‘used to exist’—”

“I did. The people who possessed this power have already died off…Or so it’s said. But I found one—the gravesite of someone who had the ‘Levia Inheritor’ ability!”

Adam looked at Seth’s excited expression with a detached gaze.

No matter how amazing their abilities, it meant nothing if they were already dead.

“I know, I know what you’re going to say, Adam…Here’s the important bit. I dug up that gravesite, and took the body back home with me. After I had then broken it down into very small pieces, I threw it into a test tube!”

“…You can’t be serious.”

“And then, after performing several analytical clinical studies, I was able to perfect ‘Venom’!”

Did that mean then that Seth had created a brainwashing drug out of a dead body?

“But if that’s the case you must have run out of materials fairly quickly. You only had the one corpse, after all.”

“Don’t take me for some common scientist! Through analyzing my results I learned how to produce ‘Venom’ using materials I can obtain around hereabouts! So—"

And there, Seth’s expression qiuckly returned to its usual calm, as though having regained his composure.
He continued, “—Well, I’ve never actually made it myself. I just have a recipe.”

“Why?”

“Didn’t I tell you? My field is biology. A brainwashing drug is outside my area of interest.”

He’d been unusually agitated over it, nonetheless.

“Then why did you make such a thing?”

“Who knows? …I guess just a whim.”

Adam doubted that.

I bet that…Miroku commissioned you to craft it to control the queen.

Was his reward money, or perhaps influence behind the scenes?

But this man, Seth…he didn’t seem to care about either of those things.
