To successfully execute his plans, he would need a co-conspirator.

For this, Adam selected a man who had similar ambitions to himself; Gammon.

After calling him over to the research institute, Adam confided in him his origins, which he had kept hidden up to this point.

“…Do you have any proof that you’re the queen’s son?”
Gammon was quite right to be doubtful.

In truth, Adam had no evidence that would demonstrate this.

He had just the fact that Horus had testified to it…And said Horus was gone now.

“Whether it’s true or not—that isn’t terribly important.” Adam decided to remain stubborn. “What is important is whether or not you’ll get on board with this plan. In the event that it succeeds…you’ll become the next head of the senate.”

“It’s a tempting offer…And what about you?”

“Me? For now, I’ll stay as I am. I’ll continue as the head of this institute. But the new queen will eventually pass down a new law. It’ll restore the hereditary system for the throne. And then, as the son of the old queen—I’ll become king.”

Upon hearing that, Gammon snorted quietly. “Hmph…I can’t imagine that’ll go over well. Quite a bit of this country was founded upon devotion to the gods. If you go against that to restore the hereditary system…a lot of people will object.”

“That’s for you to work on as the head of the senate. If all goes well…you’ll be this country’s Prime Minister.”

“Hah…” Gammon let out a big sigh. “You’re just a know-nothing academic after all. It’s like something out of a child’s drawing. …I’ve heard enough of this nonsense. In the first place, if you restore the hereditary system for the throne…It would be people who are related to the new queen who passed the law that would become the royal family.”

“Then I’ll become the queen’s husband. Any children born between us and their descendants will shape the future of this country. …That in itself would be pretty spectacular. The children the queen births from Project ‘Ma’ will be the ‘Twins of God’. I would imagine the devout having no objection to them inheriting the throne.”

“…Wait just a second. Then that means you—”

“Yes. The ‘Seed of God’ that I will be implanting in the queen with Project ‘Ma’…I intend to mix in something else with it.” Adam gave a coarse smile. “She will give birth…to children related to me.”

Gammon’s face paled. “What a dreadful thing to do…”

“It won’t be that big a deal. The ‘Seed of God’ is necessary for the birth of the ‘Twins of God’—that is apparently what the gods have said. However, they didn’t say anything about us not being allowed to put a unique blend into it.”

“But if you don’t follow the proper procedures—”

“I won’t mess up. I have been involved in the ‘Next Queen Project’ this entire time. I’m certain the children will be safely born through this method. …the ‘Twins of God’, who will inherit from both the gods and myself.” Adam continued through his laughter, “Haha…Isn’t it incredible? I—will become the father of gods!”

“…”

“So…what will you do? Are you on board?”
Gammon closed his eyes and cast his head down, appearing deep in thought.

If he were to answer that he wouldn’t collaborate with Adam—

–In that moment, in that moment.

Naturally, he couldn’t afford to let him return home.

Adam had several traps prepared in the research institute.

In the event that he refused to join in on the plan, Gammon would meet his end in an unfortunate accident here in the institute.

“…Alright. I’m on board,” Gammon said as he opened his eyes, holding out his right hand.

“—Thank you.” Adam gripped his hand tightly and shook it. “…Frankly, I thought you’d say no.”

Adam was being honest there.

He’d seen a clear unease in Gammon’s expression while they’d been talking.

“…I said this long before,” Gammon quietly murmured, “But I am not satisfied with the current state of things.”

“You did say that. That’s why I reached out to—"

“Moreover.”
“…?”

Gammon slowly looked up to the ceiling, and then continued, “—I had a dream. About you.”

“Wow…What kind of dream was it?”

But Gammon spoke no more of his dream than that.
