Through Gammon’s tireless efforts they successfully bribed over several people from the information bureau.

And through that, Adam was able to obtain two pieces of information that he had wanted.

.

First—the agent that had infiltrated Seth’s residence made a copy of something he’d found there.

It was, without a doubt—the recipe that detailed how to create the brainwashing drug, ‘Venom’.

.

And the other document, Gammon handed over to Adam personally.

“…It’s my father’s daily journal.”

“Miroku’s?”

“Yeah. Though I’m not sure if I should call it a daily journal. There’s no dates written anywhere.”

“Where did you get this?”

“From the head senator’s room…One of the agents found a hidden door there. Inside is some sort of storage vault.”

“So this was left in there…He did good work by finding it.”

“Agent Ace is a remarkable man. …Though it might be wise to get rid of him.”

“Why?”

“The contents of this journal…I would prefer to not have anyone outside of us know about it.”

.

The journal was faded, showcasing that it had been begun a very, very long time ago.

It was mostly scrawled over with short sentences.

Gammon had called it a daily journal, but all things considered it might have been more accurate to say it was a memo pad used for the writer to express his feelings in secret.

.

“The queen has given birth.

Twins.

I can’t let this get out.”

.

“That young steward has carried out the job I tasked him with.

The twins were thrown in the river.

I’m sure they didn’t make it.”

.

“The queen is distraught at losing her children.

I must shut her up.”

.

“That steward I was so certain I had cut down appeared before me again.

Maybe his wound was too shallow.

He knows my secret.

This time I have to get rid of him for good.”

.

“He may be of use to me.

I’ll keep him around instead of killing him.”

.

“He wasn’t just a simple steward at all.

Venom…What an extraordinary drug.

With this the queen will become a mere doll.”

.

“I’ll meet up with Seth at that place.

We spent the night merrily.

The drug appears to work very well.

After his death, I will inherit his legacy.”

.

“Had another dream.

No. It wasn’t that.

It’s a prophecy from the queen.”

.

“A purple dream.

No. This is a prophecy, Miroku.

Obey the voice of the gods.

I am Alice.

Queen Merry-Go-Round.

The gods said thus:

Create receptacles for us.

Make the Twins of God be born.”

.

–There were countless other nonsense scribbles after that.

What he could glean from this journal’s contents was…

The gist of the story that Horus had told him when he vanished was true, at least.

And, what Gammon had told him in his drunken stupor…

Might not have necessarily been nonsense after all.
