And then—Adam met Eve.

The beautiful green-haired witch seemed perfect as a candidate for the “Mother of Gods”.

Even better that she knew little of the world.

If he used Venom he could make her into a simple puppet.

.

The fight with the white army, and Meta’s attack on the village (likely with the intention of executing Raiou as a traitor to Apocalypse)…Those had been unexpected for Adam.

But in the end he succeeded in taking Eve to the royal capital.

She seemed quite motivated to become queen.

He wondered if she had always been that way, or if it was because of the Venom that he was mixing into her coffee.

After that he merely seduced her and made her his captive.

Though he did have help from the drug, it was a bit tricky for Adam, having never really interacted with a woman before. He wasn’t personable like Horus and Seth.

Even so, Adam always minded Eve as best he could, and worked to make her happy. He put on a front of being an understanding, metropolitan young man without hesitating on any cash expenditures.

It was fortunate that Seth didn’t show himself much at the institute while he was recovering from his wound.

All of his efforts would go down the drain if it got out that he was having Eve drink Venom.

“Good grief…What bothersome creatures women are,” he grumbled to Gammon at a bar. “They take so much time just getting dressed. And they get annoyed so suddenly at the most trivial things. Earlier—”

A drunken, red-faced Gammon listened in to Adam speak with a slightly amused expression. “You seem to be doing pretty well, Adam.”

“Is that so? It’s so stressful. I almost wish I’d gotten you to do this part.”

“That’s crazy talk. I already have a wife and kid.”

“Oh yeah, that’s right.”

“And…I’ve thought this since that inquiry into the forest, but…You two really do make a good couple, you know? Somehow you’re like two peas in a pod. Even without the drugs, maybe—”

“Cut it out. This is just…for the plan.”

After Adam said that, he drank up his wine to hide his blush.

There were several other things he needed to consider outside of Eve.

“As for Senator Vaju—" he blurted out. “—Looks like we won’t have to be waiting long. That chronic illness he’s been dealing with for a while has started to take a turn for the worse recently.”

But then, the fact that he wouldn’t have much longer to live had been factored into the plan from the very beginning.

As long as Senator Vaju was still alive, Adam and Gammon could never seize political influence. For when Eve became queen, he would be the one to publicly receive the credit.

Whether it was through illness or some other method—they would need to have Senator Vaju depart from this world as soon as possible.

It was likely the same with Miroku.

Judging by his journal earlier, Miroku had also been ensnaring Senator Vaju with Venom.

After his death, all of his assets would go to Miroku—including the research institute.

Even though the queen would change, Miroku likely planned to still remain in his seat as the head of the senate.

“As for Miroku…I’ll ultimately be leaving that up to you,” Adam confirmed with Gammon again.

“Mhm. …I hope it doesn’t, but you ought to be prepared for it to get a bit rough.”

“You really alright with this? You’ll…be killing your own father.”

“…I’ve long since stopped holding any affection for that man as my parent. …And the feeling is mutual.”

“We’ll need to lay the groundwork within the government as well. There’s no oversights there, right?”

“Naturally.”

In truth, Gammon had been preparing to start a revolt against his father long before Adam had spoken to him.
His only reason for hesitating in carrying it out was out of the fear that it would mark him as a traitor—But if he had the queen as his ally, it would be a different story.

The new queen, Eve, would recognize his revolt as a just deed with the country in mind…That was the gist of the plot exchanged between Adam and Gammon.
