As the predicted birth date grew closer, Eve’s mental state began to grow more unstable.

She would get angry over seemingly nothing, or on the contrary would suddenly burst out laughing.

She’d been trembling in fear of something all day earlier. Apparently she’d dreamed that she was attacked by a bear.

Adam wondered if he’d made her drink too much Venom.

The brainwashing drug had originally been designed by Seth.

Yet he couldn’t exactly consult him on it.

And Seth hadn’t shown himself since Eve became pregnant.

According to the reports by the intelligence bureau he hadn’t returned to his home either.

Has he figured out that I’m looking to kill him…?

If he had, that would be extremely dangerous.

If he had cottoned on to Adam’s plans then there was a real fear that he could tell Miroku.

And if he did that, it would all be over.

Adam ordered the information bureau to keep looking for Seth and to keep tabs on Miroku.

.

Thinking it might do her mood some good, Adam decided to take a heavily pregnant Eve outside of the research institute.

“Where would you like to go?” he asked.

Eve declared that she would like to see the west coast.

“I want to meet your mother. You need to properly introduce us.”

She must have been talking about the white whale—Catherine.

Adam himself had never revisited that coast since becoming Horus’ adoptive son.

…Would she still be there?

.

For the automated carriage to get them there, Adam picked one that wouldn’t shake as much.

When they arrived at the coast, nothing had changed from back then.

“So this place…is where you were abandoned, huh,” Eve murmured, expressionless.

To be accurate, this wasn’t where Adam was abandoned so much as where he had ended up after being thrown in the river.

But Adam simply gazed at the water with Eve, not bothering to explain that.

And then he glanced at her beside him.

He thought again that she was quite pretty. She was no refined, metropolitan beauty, but conversely Adam felt quite at peace with her simplicity.

–If only he had met her in some other fashion.

As a chance meeting between a man and a woman, without any prophecies or plans—

…Adam knew well there was no point to hypotheticals like that.

He had to keep his eye on reality.

She would become the new queen soon.

And Adam would use her to rule Levianta from the sidelines.

“’Cain’ and ‘Abel’,” Eve whispered suddenly.

“…?”

“Our children’s names, when they’re born.”

Eve affectionately patted her belly.

“Is there any meaning in those names?”

“Meaning? Nope. Not all names need to have some meaning behind them.”

“I see…That’s true.”

He once more gazed at the ocean with her, asking no more questions.

.

–Some time passed, but the whale never showed itself from the water’s surface.

Right as Adam was about to suggest to Eve that they head back—

“—Adam.”

He heard a voice.

There was no mistaking it, it belonged to Catherine.

“Catherine!? Are you here?” Adam shouted, but still no figure showed itself above the waves.

The water simply continued lapping calmly.

“My physical body has long crumbled away. Now I have become part of this great ocean.”

The voice seemed to be speaking directly into Adam’s mind.

That day…Adam recalled that before they had parted, he had thrown a spear at Catherine.

“It can’t be…that your wound back then—”

“That was unrelated. I was always going to turn out like this after I left Held’s protection.”

And then she began to tell Adam some facts about her true identity.

–Catherine was originally a forest spirit born in a subterranean lake in the forest of Held.

Apparently back then she had been a small fish, but one day she resolved to rebel against the forest god Held and leave the forest.
“Unlike the other spirits, I still had memories of my past life. And so I couldn’t help but have doubts about being a spirit in itself.”

“By past life, you mean–?”

“The ones who created this world. The ones you humans call gods. I was one of those who served them.”

“In this country they teach that the only true god is LeviaBehemo. And that any others are fakes pretending to be gods—evil gods.”

“Levia created mankind’s minds, and Behemo created their bodies—That is the truth. In that sense, you would not be mistaken in saying that LeviaBehemo is the god of humanity. But…It’s not just humans that exist in this world.”

“…”

“The moment this world was born, the gods finished their role. So now they need only continue to exist and watch over it—At least, that’s Held’s thinking.”

But Catherine couldn’t agree. And so she had fled the forest, entrusting her body to the flow of the river leading from the underground lake and winding up at the ocean.

“By that time my body had swelled far beyond its original size, and I had changed into a large whale. I realized that this was the result of my seeking a change. It could also be called punishment for having gone against Held’s will.”

“Punishment?”

“I lost my immortality. Once my body had crumbled away I would merely wander as an invisible being. I would be unable to interact with the world as I had done when I saved you.”

“…”

Eve peered at Adam curiously.

“Is…your mother here?”

“…Yeah. But you can’t see her. She’s become part of the ocean.”

Eve probably couldn’t hear Catherine’s voice.

She had once said that she could sense the presence of forest spirits…But on the other hand, she’d also said she couldn’t talk to them.

“Who’s she?” Catherine asked.

“She’s—Eve’s my…wife,” Adam blurted out.

“Is that right…Then I’m glad.” The tone of Catherine’s voice sounded happier. “Then…what about the man who took you from here?”

“Father is—Horus is dead.”

“…He was a very dangerous being. If you say he’s not around you anymore…then I can relax on that, at least.”

“About back then…I’m sorry. I was just a kid, too young to make sound decisions.”
“Don’t worry about it. Thinking on it now, keeping you here as you were would probably have made you just as unhappy.”

“…”

Adam slowly bowed his head toward the sea.

“—Thank you,” he said, his voice full of emotion.
