Arth and Anne had twin children. The girl called Riliane, at the age of six, was found out to be possessed
by the “demon of sin”.
At that time, when Arth had died, the twin brother was chosen to be the next heir. Their mother Anne
temporarily became successor and ruled the country until they were adults. However, the prime
ministers raised objections, saying that Riliane should be the next rightful heir.

Because of this, a political strife occurred.

In fact, the prime minister who raised the objections wanted to use the “vessel of sin” which was
attached to Riliane’s body, so she can become his puppet. Only later that it was figured out that his
initial goal was the prince. But something went wrong when the demon possessed the princess instead.
This prompted him with the previous claims. It was more shocking that he even attempted to
assassinate the prince.

In order to protect the prince’s life, LeonHart adopted him and it was announced that the prince has
died. Because of this, princess Riliane would eventually become queen.

After the dispute, the only problem left was the demon attaching itself to Riliane’s body. I spent all of the
magic I had to get rid of the demon, which caused her to lose some of her memories. I also extracted a
“collector’s(?)” hand mirror from her, so this matter should be settled.

“Yes. I’ve driven out the demon inside Riliane. However, once again, she was possessed by the demon
when she grew up. Accompanied by the growth of the host, the demon is deeply rooted in her spirit...
General purification magic is ineffective”

“So you want to use the ‘clockworker magic(?)’”

“I cannot do that. For as long as I can have apprentice or...”

“That spell is very powerful but very dangerous. Once you fail, the entire country will be destroyed. You
burned down your own country right?”

“... I have now matured. I guarantee it to be fool proof”

“I... do not trust you”

“Don’t worry. Having said that, I do not understand why Riliane is still in demonic possession. It’s either
the initial purification is incomplete or there are other reasons...”

“or ‘it’ isn’t complete”

“’it’?what do you mean?”

“Each of the sins is boarded by a demon. But anyhow, the time when the ‘sins’ was scattered was five
hundred years in the past already. A ‘vessel’ cannot be separated into several parts”

“Do you mean this hand mirror is incomplete?”
