This novel marks the third installment of the “Deadly Sins of Evil” series. As something that depicts the story of the Evillious region, put together with the “Daughter of Evil” series that makes seven in total, and if you add it to the other series that I wrote under a different company that makes ten full-length novels that I have written in all.

Even just writing this much, there’s quite a lot that I’ve got to write here in the afterword. The theme of this work is “Sloth”, or in other words, “laziness”, and “listlessness”. How about if I just not write the afterword out of laziness, in keeping with the theme? I guess I can’t do that. Right, sorry.

This time the story progresses sort of like a mystery novel. Though it’s only sort of like one. After all is said and done, it’s already clear from the song who the culprit is, and making an orthodox mystery story in a world where gods and magic and demons exist is not without its trials and tribulations.

It’s atmospheric. This is a mystery in atmosphere alone. Even so, I wrote this book with the intention of shocking my readers. I don’t know if it actually surprised anyone or not. What’s important is that that was my intention. Yes, it must have been.

The story of the “Princess Who brought Sleep” is fully covered in this novel, but as was suggested in the song movies the full story will continue into “Fifth, Pierrot”, which will come next. All of the foreshadowing remaining this time will be resolved there, I’m sure of it.

And there a great turning point will come for the sorceresses that have been present through the “Daughter of Evil” series and the “Deadly Sins of Evil” series. That is, the “Duel of Merrigod Plateau”, which is recorded in the timeline for the guidebooks and such. Now, I wonder what on earth will happen to these women?

…I’ve gotten sleepy as I’ve been writing this. Would it be alright if I brought this to a close around now? When I wake up I have to make the continuation of the movies…

Well then, let’s meet again in the next book.

.

AkunoP (mothy)
