Welcome.

Welcome, to the “Graveyard” restaurant.

Thank you so much for visiting our humble establishment today.

Your hors d’oeuvres will be brought out to you before long—Please wait a few moments longer until then.

.

There is no menu list for this restaurant.

Generally speaking the dishes we supply are decided by the climate of the day, the ingredients we have available, and the moods of the chef; though concerning the aperitif you may choose from among the two branches of wine we offer, red or white.

Which one would you like?

Ah, you have chosen. Well then, I shall bring you the “Blood Grave”.

.

Oh no, there’s nothing strange about that.

Certainly, when it comes to the aperitif most pick the white more than the red, but that does not mean choosing as such is a rule.

In my personal opinion, the Blood Grave has a light taste for a red wine, and works well as an aperitif.

…Yes, the Blood Grave. The story of that one vampire who’d regularly drink it is famous around here.

Do you know about the woman that the vampire was modeled off of—Banica Conchita?

It’s often said that this wine became famous largely because of her achievements.

But at the same time, the Blood Grave that people drink in this day and age has, to tell the truth, a slightly different formula from the one back then–the so-called “Old Blood Grave".

Old Blood Grave had a much greater density and milder taste than the one of today, among other things.

–Almost like human blood.

.

Are you interested?

In Blood Grave?

Or regarding Banica Conchita?

.

…Oops, it seems as though your hors d'oeuvres have arrived.

If our esteemed guest wishes it, while I make recommendations off the menu might I have the privilege of telling you the story?

.

Oh?

That was your purpose for coming here?

My goodness…That’s a great honor~

But please, enjoy your meal as well, yes?

Well then, I shall tell it to you.

.

The woman who tried to devour all of the food in this world—and, in the end, even herself.

.

–The story of the Evil Food Eater, Banica Conchita.
