EC 611, January 26th.

Julia Abelard, president of the Lucifenian Republic, announced her resignation, and then went missing immediately afterward.

The same day, World Police commissioner Hank Harewood conducted an emergency conference at the headquarters in Marlon and put Asmodean vice-general Gatt Coulomb on their wanted list as the murderer of Bruno Marlon/Kaidor Blankenheim.

That night, Phoebe Aymieux was arrested by the World Police as a conspirator with “Pere Noel”.

.

January 28th.

Police officers had entered the now-uninhabited Abelard estate for their investigation.

One young officer stood there at the front gate.

Two people approached him.

The woman in the wheelchair spoke up. “Might I get through?” Of course, the general public wasn’t allowed entry. This was a police investigation after all. When the officer relayed that to her, she pointed to the other woman behind her and said, “She’s Justea detective Heidemarie Lorre. I am her…attendant. We came here to participate in the investigation. Let us in, please.”

On hearing the name Justea, the officer hurriedly bowed.

“Of course. …Wait, hold on a second. I thought I heard that Detective Lorre went missing over a year ago—”

“Oh no…Detective Lorre never went missing—Isn’t that right?”

The wheelchair-bound woman’s eyes flashed green.

“…That’s right. Please…pardon my error just now. Go on right through.”
The officer obediently moved aside.

.

“…We couldn’t find it, after all.” Gumillia shook her head regretfully.

Elluka was in the Abelard estate’s treasury with her.

It seemed that almost all the items in the treasury had been taken out. Not much time had passed yet since the police had arrived, so it probably wasn’t their doing. Julia herself must have carried off all the valuable items in advance before absconding.

All that was left behind was junk—The only thing that drew her eyes were the seven black pedestals arranged on a shelf. They each had names inscribed on them.

–“Venom Sword”, “Glass of Conchita”, “The Four Mirrors of Lucifenia”, “Clockworker’s Doll”, “Twin Swords of Levianta”, “Marlon Spoon”, and “Grim the End”—

“Looks like she planned to display the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’ that she’d gathered here,” Elluka said, sighing. “She must have had the sword, glass, and key with her—Would have been nice if she’d forgotten at least one…I guess that was too much to hope for.”

“What should we, do now?” Gumillia asked.

“We have no choice. We’ll do what we planned from the start. –Let’s go, to Merrigod Plateau.”

Elluka pulled out a letter.

A “Duel Invitation” written by Irina Clockworker—

She crushed it in her hands as tightly as she could.
