January 29th. 3PM.

Just as the carriage had pulled away from the Kihel check station it began to rain.

As she recalled, it had rained just like this when she’d visited Merrigod Plateau one year ago. Elluka leaned against the cab door while reminiscing on this.

“—Goodness, all things aside it’s been a long time, Miss Hanne. And…your sister too,” the coachman said to them.

Up until this point he had hardly spoken a word as he moved the carriage along, perhaps taking notice of Elluka’s constant scowl. But finally he opened his mouth, appearing unable to bear the silent atmosphere.

“It has…How’s Miss Brigitta?”

“Ma? Well, she’s the same. She’s doing her best to revive the town, along with everyone else from Toragay. –With the antidote to ‘gift’ finished, it’s finally starting to become lively again.”

“I see…”

And there the conversation ended.

Silence once more filled the carriage.

“Elluka—I have, one question.”

Gumillia was the next one to speak. She was sitting next to Elluka, her posture upright and straight.

“What is it, Gumillia?”

“The sender of that letter…’Irina Clockworker’—”

“…My younger sister-in-law—or at least, she was going to be. And it’s also…the true identity of the ‘Red Cat Sorceress’. I’ve gone six hundred years without finding that out.”

“When did you, discover it?”

“When I received that duel invitation.”

Gumillia gazed at Elluka’s face for a moment.

“…You lie. You’re lying, Elluka. You must have learned, much earlier—when you merged your memories, with that of the ‘Sleep Princess’.”

“…Looks like the hypnosis has worn off.”

Elluka had indeed been hypnotizing Gumillia.

Though, it wasn’t to make her into a puppet like she had told Julia and the others. In truth, she had not wanted to worry her any more than necessary with what happened with the “Sleep Princess”, and so—had forced her to forget via hypnosis that they had met Margarita again in the Millenium Tree Forest.

However, the hypnosis that Elluka could use was not as strong as Margarita’s.

The effect gradually weakened with time.

–Elluka had one other thing she was hiding from Gumillia.

When she had absorbed the “Sleep Princess” into herself with the swap technique, in addition to gaining her abilities Elluka had also obtained a certain truth. She had remembered something that she’d forgotten.

I am—

“There is, one other thing.”

Gumillia continued speaking.

“Didn’t you just tell me you only had one question, Gumillia?”

“Yes. This isn’t a question. This is just, to tell you something I realized just now.”

“Which is?”

“…” Gumillia pointed in the direction the carriage was heading. “Someone’s there.”

“–! That’s—”

There was a man in military dress armed with a sword, standing in the middle of the Blovas Highway.

“—Sixth, Venom…!?”
Elluka hurriedly ordered the coachman to stop the carriage.

But before the carriage could stop—Gatt pulled his sword from its sheath.

“–! Get down!”

Right as Elluka yelled her command, a beam of light seemed to emanate from the sword.

Rocking back and forth, the carriage came to a stop before Gatt.

When Elluka next looked up—the head of the horse that had been pulling the carriage had detached from its body, and fallen by the roadside.

“…What an awful mess you’ve made.”

The coachman looked to be alright, but he was unconscious. Gumillia helped Elluka down from the carriage and into her wheelchair.

The sword that Gatt wielded—unlike a normal one, the long blade gleamed a bright golden.

“The golden key, ‘Grim the End’—an uncanny blade that doth change form at will…Ha ha ha, most magnificent, methinks. To think it wielded such power beyond my ken.”

Gatt fearlessly smiled while gazing at his golden sword. But when he looked back at Elluka and Gumillia’s faces, he once more resumed his somber expression.

“I shan’t let you go hence to ‘First, Santa Claus’, ‘Eternal Sorceress’.”

“…Hah.” Elluka gave a beleaguered sigh. “Gatt Coulomb. Why have you sworn so much loyalty to her?”

“It is for justice. There are necessary evils one must undertake to right this world.”

“…So you’re rampaging out of a sense of justice. How naïve. Your ancestor thought like that too, but in truth he just had an uncontrollable personality. That doesn’t get you much fondness from Julia, does it?”

“Silence. It may seem you have bested Lemy with your cowardly tactics, but such will not work with me…Slaying a child in that manner…You blackguards. I shall pass judgment upon you, for justice!”

The sword that Gatt held glowed brighter, seeming to respond to his anger.

“You’re spirited enough for it, but there’s two of us here.”

“Hmph. I would not count a wheelchair bound woman. –Though your ex-Justea investigator doth seem formidable.”

“Oh my. What an irritating thing you just said. …Alright, Gumillia, stand back. I’ll handle him myself.”

Gumillia pulled back as she was told.

Elluka’s eyes ominously sparkled.

“—What did you come here to Elphegort for in the first place, Gatt?”

“…? Did I not tell you? I came here to vanquish you tw—”

“No, that’s not it. You—came to Elphegort to sightsee.”

Her green eyes flashed brighter.

It was the ability Elluka had gained from “Sleep Princess”, hypnosis.

“…” Gatt looked into Elluka’s eyes as though bewitched. “…What are—what do you speak? Sightseeing? I am not one to be deceived by such empty words.”

“–! You’re kidding me…the ‘Hypnosis’—isn’t working!?”

Perhaps it was because of the “Vessel of Deadly Sin” Grim the End that Gatt was holding, or else the “mesmerization” couldn’t take root due to his being descended from “Venomania”.

At any rate, hypnosis apparently didn’t work on him.

“…It appears you hadst been attempting something. But—I will say it again! Such insolent schemes will not work on me!”

“It looks that way. In that case…how about this?”

Though the hypnosis hadn’t gone through, Elluka was unfazed.

Hypnosis wasn’t the only power she had gotten from the “Sleep Princess”.

She had been the most powerful witch in the Magic Kingdom Levianta—and all of that power had been passed on to Elluka.

“Taste the threat–of ‘Original Sinner’ Eve Moonlit.”

Still sitting down in her wheelchair, Elluka raised up both her hands.

The rain grew in intensity, and black clouds started to cover the sky,

“One of the great five destruction spells of the Magic Kingdom—Medvedi ubit.”

The moment that Elluka had recited the name of that spell—

Several bolts of lightning rained down upon Gatt.

.

–Elluka and Gumillia climbed up the gently sloping hill that led to the town of Calgaround.
They’d handed the coachman several silver coins in the way of apology. He’d told them that he intended to buy a new horse from a nearby farm with the money.

Elluka had asked him to call the police while he was at it. To arrest Gatt.

They’d left Gatt tied to a tree nearby. He was completely fried, but as she’d gone easy on him to a degree he wasn’t dead…probably.

They’d taken all his weapons away, so at any rate he wasn’t liable to be any threat to the coachman, farmer, or police officers.

“Gumillia. I’ll lend this to you.”

Elluka handed Gumillia “Grim the End”. It was no longer a sword, having returned to its original form of a key.

Pushing along the wheelchair with her left hand, Gumillia accepted the key with her right and then put it in her robes.

“Carry it as a charm. It was the weapon that once consigned Venomania to oblivion—the time may come where it proves useful.”

“…I would, rather not.”

“If you have no desire to use it then that’s fine too. I’m confident you can deal with Irina well enough without it.”

“She’s—become much, stronger than she once was?”

Gumillia had once fought with Irina—though at the time she was going by Abyss IR. Back then there had been an overwhelming gap in power between them. If it hadn’t been for Elluka’s help, she probably wouldn’t have won.
Elluka’s face grew slightly clouded.

“This ‘Julia Abelard’ body that Irina is currently controlling…It’s probably ‘Germaine Avadonia’. Germaine is descended from Conchita—I have to admit that her true power level is an unknown. And considering Irina has been using that body for close to a hundred years…We can’t go in unprepared.”

Their field of vision opened up as they reached the top of the hill. They could see the bright red skyline of the town they were headed for.

“Long time no see, Calgaround. I hope Irina’s there.”

Elluka remarked in reply to Gumillia, “The letter just said that she was waiting on ‘Merrigod Plateau’… If she’s not there, I do have one other idea that might work.”

“One other, idea?”

Elluka pointed to the north.

“Apocalypse Cliffs–The grave of the major villain ‘Pale Noel’ from six hundred years ago is resting there. The name of the organization that Irina runs is probably taken from him. I don’t know what relevance it has to her, but there’s a sufficient chance that Irina is waiting for us there.”

The red cat sorceress—the person who made Venomania contract with a demon, tried to steal the vessel from Conchita, manipulated Prim behind the scenes in Riliane’s time, and left Margarita in Toragay.
Her true identity was the little sister of Elluka’s late fiancé, Kiril.

Even if she hadn’t received the letter, Elluka would have already figured that out when she joined her memories with that of the “Sleep Princess”.

However, Margarita had never directly met the real Julia while she was alive—or rather, during the time when she thought she was Margarita. She couldn’t be certain just by the “Sleep Princess”’s memories alone on whether or not Lucifenia’s president Julia Abelard was truly the red cat sorceress.

So Elluka had decided to put out a net. She took in a woman who had once been a member of Pere Noel, and then waited for an assassin to appear. She had then plotted to secure a direct meeting from Pere Noel.

Those Justea Investigators—Ayn and Willus had also played a big part. They had found clues from Isabel’s belongings that Elluka had deliberately left behind, and led Pere Noel to its demise.

Now, as for Irina—

She’d have to kill her, wouldn’t she? She already knew how to do that. The cat. That plushy was her true body. It was clear that Germaine hadn’t delivered the killing blow to it, but Elluka figured that as she was now it wouldn’t be that hard to do.

However, Elluka didn’t know whether or not she needed to. Especially Elluka now.

Irina was bringing chaos to the world—did that mean that she had to be defeated?

How absurd. Since when was she a supporter of justice. Even collecting the “Seven Deadly Sins” was originally just something she did to kill time, wasn’t it?

Elluka thought on her reasons for going to Irina. Her body had started to begin protesting at the side effects of having obtained magical power that was too strong for it. She couldn’t walk anymore. She would need a new body soon. One with high magical potential, if possible—

Germaine Avadonia. Maybe she was going to steal a body from Irina. It wasn’t a bad reason to engage with battle against her.

There was one other one—Irina always got in Elluka’s way. Perhaps she thought that Elluka had taken the life of her older brother. But she could say much the same; Irina had murdered Elluka.

As long as she was alive, she would continue to be a hindrance to Elluka.

That was an extreme annoyance. So—she’d kill her.

Yes, that would be enough. There was no need to think on it too much.

She would erase the nuisance.

A simple answer.
