Rewind to thirteen hours earlier.

.

January 29th. 2AM.
In the town of Rolled’s cemetery, in the Lucifenian Republic.

…Hey, stop messing around and wake up already.

Someone was speaking.

No, that wasn’t quite the right way to put it.

Because it was a voice that no one was able to hear.

Even so, she continued to call out to him.

…It’s been a whole month…What an extreme sleepyhead you are! Get out now!

No one replied to her.

That was only natural. As no one could hear her.

.

–Outside of him.

.

It was a quiet grave.

Suddenly, there was a faint noise of something from inside.

The sound of pounding on something.

Finally, a section of dirt slightly started to rise.

There was a recently-made gravestone right next to the dirt.

On that gravestone was written “Lemy Abelard”.
The bulging of the dirt gradually increased, until finally—

A hole opened up.

A single arm shot up from inside.

The hand on it pushed through the dirt even further.

And when the hole had gotten significantly larger—

.

He crawled out from inside.

.

…Finally, you’ve woken up. Good morning, Lemy. –Though it’s still the middle of the night, Ney muttered, sounding put out.

“Cough…”

Lemy just coughed for a while; the dirt had apparently entered his organs.

After he’d settled down, he whispered, confused, “I’m…alive?”

The chest wound he should have had from being shot was completely healed up.

He’d had his clothes changed. Right now he was not in his Pierrot outfit, but a black suit.

“It’s…hard to move in this.”

Lemy took off the jacket at least. Even so, his whole body was covered in dirt.
How about you change into this? Ney said.

As he couldn’t see her Lemy didn’t know what she was referring to, but when he looked around he saw a change of clothes lying neatly folded up next to the grave.

It was the clothes that Lemy normally wore.

Julia must have left these here for you.

“Mom knew that I would come back to life? No—how did I revive in the first pl—”

You never died—Thanks to her divine protection.

“’Her’? You mean Mom?”

No. Don’t treat them like they’re the same…Guess you still don’t remember anything yet…

“…?”

Anyway, hurry and get changed. And don’t forget that either.”

“I can’t tell what you mean just by saying ‘that’.”

Look behind the grave.

As he was told, Lemy moved around to the back of his own gravestone.

.

Lying there was a red wineglass.
