Perrier Cutie Marlon was apparently quite reluctant to be making this return trip.

She had achieved her goals of trade with Jakoku, but her fondest wish of having them open their ports was, ultimately, unfulfilled.

“—But I NOT give UP!” Perrier told Okuto Anan, standing beside her on the ship. “Now that return home order has come in from main office I HAVE TO quietly obey. But, I know, I will RETURN to this country again!”

“Sigh…”

“There no PROGRESS with peaceful exchange. Next time I come—I bring along WARSHIPS!”

“…You intend to start a war with Jakoku?”

“NOOO. Of course NOT. I just bring warships for intimidation!”

“I’m grateful to hear that. Jakoku is very important to me, being my homeland.”
“—By the way, Anan.” Perrier once more turned to gaze at Anan’s face. “Do you REALLY plan to go with US to Maistia? You won’t be BACK for a while?”

“…I’ve been wanting to see other countries for a long time now. And as long as I’m unable to carry out my responsibility of recovering our family treasure, I have no place in the Okuto home.”

“The cursed BLADES huh…Now I think about it, I HEARD there a Jakoku katana in Evillious that has strange power.”

“Onigashima is the contact point for trade with foreign countries. Perhaps the Okuto family treasure has already wound up in some other country.”

“They’ll be hard to find, but maybe you do it betting it ALL on such SLIM CHANCE.”

Perrier drew up to the ship’s hand rail and gazed out over the ocean’s horizon line.

“I get to SEE family for first time in AGES. Looking FORWARD to it.”

“That’s right, you have a son, Perrier-sama.”

“YES! He working HARD to study LAW! He tells me dream to someday BUILD international courthouse!”

“He must have great ambition like you, Perrier-sama.”

“I INTRODUCE YOU when we get to Maistia!”
.

These people forged onwards towards their goals.

What they each sought was different, but it seemed to me that neither of them had any intention of giving up.
