Enbizaka is bustling again today.

Once again Eikichi was playing hooky in the hairpin shop.

“Didn’t I tell you earlier not to come by here?”

Oyuka was cleaning the shop with an exasperated expression on her face.

“It’s fine, ain’t it? Not like you have customers.”

“Customers are staying away because you’re loafing around here! Go back to your job already!”

“Don’t scold me like that. Things have finally calmed down at the magistrate’s office. I can take a little rest…Yawn.”

Eikichi yawned loudly.

Oyuka spoke to him with a meek countenance as he did, “…Hey.”

“What is it?”

“How long is Kayo-san’s head planned to be kept on display?”

“—Well, it’s probably being taken care of right about now, I’d think. The days have gotten a bit warmer, after all.”

“…Hold a proper memorial for her, if you can.”

“…I’ll do my best.”

“I’ve lost the heart to look upon her any more. Kokutan-douji passes by the execution site every day, too.”

“Speaking of Kokutan-douji.” Eikichi suddenly sat up, as though having recalled something. “I hear he’s leaving soon.”

“Is that right. Do he and his friends plan to head out again to reform the world?”

“Nah, they each have different destinations, apparently.”

“So Kokutan-douji’s group is breaking up?”

“Looks that way. Word is Inukichi’s gonna head back to Momogengou, and Saruteito is gonna return to her hometown for a while.”

“And Kokutan-douji?”

“I dunno, but he said something about it being some foreign country real far away.”

“…Well, I’m sure they each have their own business.”

At that moment, a family came into the hairpin shop.
“Ah—welcome, welcome!”

Oyuka kicked Eikichi out of the way and ran to greet the customers.

.

Plant buds were beginning to sprout outside.

Hiding both joys and sorrows in their chests.

A peaceful spring will once more come to Enbizaka.
