–After he was done burying Meta, he went back into the house.

Inside, his wife Eve was affectionately holding the twin babies and smiling.

“There there…Heeheehee.”

Naturally, they were not her children.

They were Meta’s children.

Even Eve had to have known that.

.

When Eve cuddled with the babies—

Something fell down to her feet.

It was a blue spoon.
.

–The witch of the forest uses a blue spoon instead of a staff—

.

She had stolen the children from Meta, and then when the other woman gave chase…

She killed her with a bolt of lightning.

Adam didn’t know if Eve had genuinely intended to do that or not.

He didn’t even know if she had realized that the person chasing her was Meta—

.

Whatever the case, as a result Eve had carried out her revenge—and obtained the happiness that she had wanted.

While being unable to grasp, at present…that these were little more than substitutes.

.

…What should he do now?

Adam thought on that.

Meta’s husband could be desperately searching for his wife and children.

In that case, should he find him and return the children to him?

…But if he did that, it would bring to light the crime that Eve had committed, and she would most certainly be arrested.

So then…

Adam drew closer to Eve.
And then he looked down at the babies she was holding in her arms.

…If I get rid of these children—

Then that would take care of all the evidence.

.

He placed his hand on one of the baby’s heads.

…This was a boy.

He was cackling innocently.

The other was…a girl.

She was blankly gazing at Adam.

.

And Eve’s smile as she looked upon the both of them—

Was a peaceful one he had never seen before now.

.

…I can’t.

Adam could never bring himself to kill these twins.

.

It seemed there was—only one path left to him.

.
This was Eve’s sin—

And Adam’s, too.

For there was no questioning that her losing her mind was Adam’s fault.

.

They would raise these twins as their own.

.

Even if reality were to tear her apart someday with its fangs and claws.

.

To take on this original sin and shoulder its burden—was Adam’s role.
