♣ Yukina ~In the Former Lucifenia Territory, “Monastery/Approaching the Front

The Held Monastery was past the bread shop, at the end of
a steeply sloped hill path.

Germaine opened up the gates without hesitation while commenting
to herself, “Oh my, so this is how it looks”, heading inside. I
flusteredly rushed after her. This monastery was built due to my father’s donations,
but I had never set foot inside of it until today.

It had been much more intense to climb up the hill path
leading here than I’d anticipated, and so as I looked around I was a little out
of breath. Inside the grounds, which were not all that large, there were
various fields, a storage shed, and two main buildings. One of those buildings
was probably the monastery itself. The larger one had a belfry, so it was
probably that.

Next to the storage shed, a boy about the same age as me
was maintaining some farming tools. He noticed the two of us and came our way
with a pout on his face. He was holding a hoe in his right hand.

“Do you have some business here? If you’re here to
worship or seeking lodging, then go inside the monastery. The farm is basically
off limits to everyone but the monastery members and orphans here.”

Even now, he had a threatening look, as though he was
liable to attack us with the hoe. Despite his assertion, the only way to get to
the monastery was by cutting through the farm (unless there was some back
entrance that we didn’t know about), so his anger towards us
seemed a little unreasonable to me.

Germaine seemed to take umbrage with his behavior as
well, speaking up in an obstinate tone, “What an attitude to take with
guests! Looks like this place doesn’t discipline its children at all.”

“Don’t you
speak ill of the sisters! And as for you being guests…What kind of business
do you have, and with who!?”

“Uhh, well, that is…what was it again?”

Germaine gave me a sideways glance, as though imploring
me for help. I stepped up before the boy.

“We came here to see one of the sisters at the
monastery.”

“…Who? Which sister did you come to see? Tell me her
name.”

“It’s–”

Right as I started to say her name, I heard someone call
the boy’s own name from inside the building.

“Denis! Don’t be so impolite to guests!”

A single nun ran up to us.

She had clear white hair and red eyes. And somehow, she
looked to be a little fuller than she had been five years before.

Once she arrived before us, she bowed her head in apology
without looking at our faces.

“I’m terribly sorry! He’s really a good boy, but he’s
turned a rebellious age as of late–”

Germaine realized who the nun was too. She looked
shocked.

“Well this is a surprise. I can hardly believe I’d
run into you here, in a place like this…”

At Germaine’s words the nun abruptly looked up, staring
into her face.

“Huh? What’s going on here? Miss Germaine!? What are you doing
here?”

Next the nun shifted her gaze to me, beside Germaine. But
she seemed to not know who I was at first, just looking me over with a puzzled
expression for a moment.

That was understandable. I had been only nine years old,
five years ago. I was a lot taller now, and I figured that my countenance was a
little bit more grown-up.

There was the me in her memories, and the me before her
eyes now. It appeared as though the two images gradually became one inside her
mind, as I could see her red eyes quickly filling with tears. And then it was
the both of us that were on the verge of crying.

Unable to bear it any longer, I ran into her arms and
hugged her as hard as I could. She gently patted me on the head, just as she
had when we’d parted five years before.

“…You’ve become quite big, young miss Yukina.”

I cried loudly, not caring what people around us thought.

“I wanted to see you so much, Clarith…!”
