Chapter Four

Section I --Lost Destination--

"I am sorry for being alive"

I do not know when I started this habit I keep on saying.

I was always a downcast, living a boring life.

However, you gave me the hope to live.

For me, you are my everything.

At anytime, I can tell you that.

Even if the world is full of scorn and hatred, for as long as you are with me, i'll be happy.

My(?) Michaela,

Where are you now?

♥Clarith ~ Elphegort Country’s “Toragay City” ~

Toragay City was located from the northeast side of the Amusement Lake and it has now become a
station for Lucifenia’s forces.

As the King of Elphegort had captured the northern fortress of Marigold Plateau, the army have set up
base on the front-lines.

The Lords of Toragay-Count Felix has/have been arrested, and transported to Lucifenia
country/kingdom. Now occupying Toragay is Lucifenia's army commander General John Ausdin.

The three generals- Daniel Ausdin was recently recruited this year; at the moment, he was sitting across
the table in front of me with a gloomy expression.

"Will you under any circumstance not reveal the 'Girl of Green's' location?"

Daniel seemed to be getting somewhat tired interrogating me, who kept my mouth firmly zipped.

"We already know the Elphen woman you let escape in Yatski Village is the 'Girl of Green' we're looking
for. You two must have planned to meet up somewhere, right? You just need to tell me the location.
Clarith, you've been here for two months already. Surely you wish to go home?"

“………”
