Yes, I am a coward. While my hatred for the princess is growing, but the thought of venting it on her is
what I’m afraid off.

I do not have the courage to kill.

“Well, I think that’s good. You aren’t fit to start a revolution.

Mr. Keel has guessed my answer. He continued:

“There are other things. Because the mansion was burned down, I’m planning to go back to Marlon.
Although we have no good memories there, but the guy who used to live there is gone. Also, the things
I can do here is limited.”

Marlon country… although I haven’t been there, there level of prosperity is same as Elphegort and
Lucifenia despite being surrounded by the ocean.

“If you like, where do you want to continue as a domestic worker? It may not be applicable to you but
it’s a livable place. I think you’ll get used to it soon enough.

Perhaps it’s a good idea. I began day dreaming about a life near the sea. But I still want it as before:
cleaning Mr. Keel’s mansion, doing laundry, giving Ms. Yukina some cake and whenever I feel angry or
sad, I would talk to Michaela in the garden at night…

No, it’s out of the question. It’s impossible to turn back time. There is no smiling, pleasant singing
Michaela anymore.

The Michaela I loved is not here anymore.

Unknowingly, there were tears on my cheeks. I already decided not to cry anymore but memories still
makes me teary.

Even after several days or maybe years, I might not be able to forget about Michaela.

“Thank you for the consideration, however, I’m sorry, I can’t go with you. Mr. Keel, no matter what I
do…”

“You always think of Michaela, correct?”

“Yes……”

Keel stood up and went for the window to watch the scenery. From here, we could see the Levin
Cathedral.
