“Clarith, do you believe in God?”

“I did not in the past, but for the present… I do”

“Right”

He seems to be considering something. After a while, he spoke again:

“There is a port town in the west end of the country. There is an elder(?) who built a monastery there
which is very rare in this country. Do you want to work there?”

“Do you want me to become a nun?”

“No, I don’t want you to become a nun. They have an orphanage there and they are also understaffed.
Would you like to help them? It is a place near the sea, very suitable for some peace of mind. What do
you think?”

“Near the sea…?”

During my time in Yatski Village, I have never seen the sea.

“If you like the life there, then you can be a nun. But I do hope you would come back to my house.
Without you, Yukina would become lonely.”

Even so I still needed. However, I…

“Clarith, I have to bluntly say it – you have to accept Michaela’s death. While it is indeed sad, there is
nothing you can do. But you are still alive. I don’t know how but you’re still alive. I hope you continue
on living with a smile on. I think this is what Michaela would have wished for you to do.”

When I cry, Michaela also cries. When I laugh, do you also laugh in heaven?

“I don’t want you to say that you two are supposed to live together. Michaela is Michaela and you are
you”

Michaela is watching over me. At the same time, she is also hoping that I can be strong. In response to
her expectations, I have to work alone and become stronger in the future. If I become weak, Michaela
would become sad.

“……I see. I want to go to the monastery sometime”

“Good, I’ll contact you. Clarith, you have to remember that even if you are separated from us, you are
still part of the family”
