After breakfast, the nuns begin to do their duties. The monastic life is essentially self-contained. In
addition, we had to publicize the activities of the church. We also engage in agricultural activities like
wine making. We don’t have to always do it for as long as we pray, it’s good enough.

I just came here four months ago and I’m already leading a busy life. Although I have to say that my
everyday life is very fulfilling but there is still a big hole in my heart that I am not able to fill up.

My life was based on many human sacrifices. Even if I pray for these people every day, I still continue to
live on of course – because I am alive.

Mr. Keel said to me “I hope you continue on living with a smile on”. I know it must be the correct view,
but I wasn’t able to laugh. Will the issue of having a sincere smile last for a long period of time? Also, will
I still have it after the revolution? I think not.

I can’t go back to the Freesis Mansion. If Michaela weren’t there, I wouldn’t be happy. Maybe I should get
baptized as a nun and continue to cook here. I’m interested in the wine.

If Michaela were here, she would have said with a smile “If Clarith wants to do so” and I’ll rebuke with a
“I can’t do it”. But I can’t say it, because she is not of this world anymore.

God, please grant me a miracle. I would at least like to say good bye to Michaela. Well, of course, God
will not move for a cowardly person like me.

“Are you Clarith?”

Some people arrived right after lunch, just shortly after the nuns have gone to resume their duties.

“Yes, I am… and you are?”

“I used to be Lucifenia’s Court Magician, Elluka Clockworker. This is my apprentice, Gumillia”

The pink-haired woman said with a smile. I don’t know why but the child beside her is staring at me.

“Today, we have come to challenge you”

Gumillia, who seems to be an Elphegortean, came up to me. Elluka stopped her.

“H-Hey! No, Gumillia. Today, we came to give her a gift.”

Elluka suppressed Gumillia’s provocative attitude. Elluka took out a pot with a sapling on it.

“This is…?”
