“He seems to have heard about Michaela’s whereabouts. We didn’t have time to save her. Although he
brought back her bones, he didn’t acknowledge her death. In my point of view, he also contributed to
her death.”

I also agree with her. If I ever saw that man again, I would beat him to a pulp.

“He only retrieved the low-level gift he gave to Michaela. Her bones then became tree saplings.”

“……Wait a minute, why did her bones become tree sapling? Is it because she’s a spirit?”

“Ah, although this is a bad reason, the simplest way to say it is… she has been chosen to become the
next millennium tree… Eldoh’s successor.”

Eldoh’s successor? A spirit becoming God? My mind will not be able to keep up with it.

“Do you know of the Millennium Tree? That tree is the host for the Earth God, Eldoh. I recently learned
that his life depends on the Millennium Tree itself. Although Eldoh cannot die, after the tree dies, he
cannot stay on this earth anymore. The reason why Eldoh chose Michaela before he would depart the
world is because it was important for the next guardian to be very knowledgeable about humans(?).
That was the reason why she was allowed to become human. It was abominable, being fooled by that
old man… I’m sorry, did you understand?”

“Generally, yes…”

“Generally, the truth is what is most important. You will later slowly understand it all. Before we came
here, we took Michaela’s sapling to Keel Freesis. Because he was taking care of her, I wanted to go to
him and had some private discussions… Can I have some more tea?”

“Ah, yes. I’m sorry”

I didn’t know her tea cup was already empty. I carried the teapot and placed some on her cup. She
briefly said “Thank you” then continued:

“Keel said to give Michaela’s sapling to you. He said when Michaela turns into a tree, the first thing she
will see is her best friend. Naturally, I also got benefits and it cannot be denied.”

As Elluka spoke, she was playing with her rod. Although the shape of it is strange, it seems to be like a
sword.

My heart was pounding fast and loud. I can’t wait for Michaela to become a tree. Even if her form has
changed, for me, she is still my most cherished person.

“However, I don’t know about you but Gumillia wants to keep her(?)”
