<–Hey, look outside> Mr. Ziz said to me from inside his water tank.

Complying with his words, I approached the window.

At some point it had started snowing.

And there was someone waving at me from under the withered cherry blossom tree.

It was Shakuson.

The one I love.

“Could you come here a minute?” he called to me.

I left the house.

When I jogged up to his side, Shakuson gave me a slightly happy smile.

“It’s started snowing. We’ve got a white Christmas.”

“Haha, we do…The party’s going to start soon. Where’s your brother?”

“He’s still at work. But he shouldn’t be too late,” Shakuson said, pulling out a small box. “I figured I’d give you this early. It’s your Christmas present. …Open it.”

I took the box from him, and looked inside.

In the box was—

“…I don’t believe it…”

It was a diamond ring.

“It’s an engagement ring. Though I didn’t have much choice in diamond size with my salary.”

“…”

“—Will you marry me?”

“…Thank you. You’ve made me very happy.”

I had no reason at all to refuse.

His expression lit up—and then he tightly embraced me.

“Let’s get married in the spring. Should we…tell your parents tonight?”

“Nah. It might be better to wait for another day, wouldn’t it? If we tell them today it’ll just be overshadowed by the Christmas party.”

“That’s probably true. Well then, we’ll just hide this ring for tonight—”

And there Shakuson looked taken aback, as though having just noticed something.

I turned to where he was looking.

Standing there was an embarrassed-looking Nikolay.
“…Ah, sorry. I wasn’t trying to spy on you or anything—”

“…”

“Relax. I won’t tell Gallerian or your mother.”

“…Haha. Sorry for making you fuss on our behalf.”

“I just came here to get some grub tonight.”

“I see—Welcome, Nikolay. Come on, let’s go inside.”

“Yes, let’s. It’s quite chilly today.”

Nikolay folded his arms and shivered in an exaggerated manner.

.

When the three of us got in the house, the food for the party was already lined up on the dining table.

“My, this all looks delicious,” Shakuson crowed.

Bruno, standing nearby, smiled in a slightly awkward fashion. “I put a bit more effort into it for tonight—Where’s Mr. Gammon?”

“He’s a little caught up with work.”

As the two of them chatted, Nikolay gazed upon the food with a fixated stare.

“It’s been a long time since I’ve eaten anything that wasn’t made by Hodr. He’s far too mindful of my health, and all the food he makes is so bland…I wonder how much I can indulge tonight.”

Ever since his daughter got married and left the house, Nikolay had been living along with his servant Hodr.
Said Hodr was spending tonight with his own family, and so my mother had invited Nikolay over, figuring he would be lonely by himself.

I wanted to start the party early for his sake, but…There were other invited guests outside of Gammon who were yet to arrive.

But soon enough there was a knock on the door to the foyer.

When Bruno opened the door there was my father’s friend General Tony and his family, as well as Shiro holding a wine bottle in hand.

“My my. Welcome to our home—Please, wait here a moment.”

After Bruno bowed his head to General Tony, he headed for the study.

A few moments later he reappeared with my mother and father.

The general and my father exchanged a brief hug.

“Merry Christmas! Thanks for inviting me tonight, Gallerian!”

“Come on now, this is a party. The more the merrier.” After my father then exchanged his greetings with Nikolay, he at last approached Shakuson. “…Welcome, Shakuson.”

“…Thank you very much for inviting me tonight, sir.”

They exchanged an amiable handshake, but it looked a little bit stiff.

…Yeah, it was better to hold off on announcing the engagement after all.
“Looks like everyone’s here, so let’s get this started shall we?” my mother said, clapping her hands.

Apparently she hadn’t noticed that Gammon wasn’t here.

What could I say, she was as irresponsible as always.

.

Everyone sat at the dining table, and the Christmas party of the year began.

.

My father, leading everyone in toasts.

Mr. Ziz, earning my mother’s ire by snitching cake.

Nikolay, displaying his ice magic as a party trick.

General Tony, cutting the food into smaller portions for his young child.

Shiro, her arms pinned back by Bruno to keep her from rampaging in her drunkenness.

Gammon arrived late, losing his footing in the entrance to the foyer and excitingly tumbling about.

My eyes met with Shakuson sitting across from me, and though it was a little embarrassed we both shared a smile.

.

A mail carrier wearing a red uniform came in with a package in tow.

After thanking her for coming out on such a cold night, I unwrapped the cord sealing the box.

Inside was a single revolver.
A Naga Custom .44—that was the model of the gun.

The accompanying card read only, Merry Christmas! –From the members of Zeus.

It was a poor-taste Christmas present from Narcissus and the others.

Still…Thank you, I whispered in my mind.

.

The snow continued to fall.

A white Christmas, spent with everyone.

.

I hoped and prayed

That these happy days would continue forever–
