October 6th, 2AM.

It had been about two months since the presidential inauguration party.

.

Lemy had singlehandedly invaded the Corpa estate.

This was, of course, the first time he had snuck into another person’s home.

He’d been worried the entire time if it would go well or not, but he had gotten in surprisingly easily. It seemed the rumors of Ton not hiring many guards out of his skinflint nature were true.

It’s pitch-black…But it’s better not to have any lights. You’ll have to head to Rin’s room through fumbling around, Ney was whispering.

Lemy obeyed her instructions, and pressed on step by step with his hand on the wall.

Be careful. If you’re caught it certainly won’t be a good thing for you or your mother.

He knew that already.

Lemy replied that in his mind.

.

–Lemy had tried to meet with Rin several times since the inauguration party, but it never worked out.

The very next day after she’d sung at the party she was no longer in the Republic of Lucifenia. She was holding a concert in the nearby country of Asmodean.

After that concert was over, then she was holding a performance in Elphegort, and she didn’t return to Lucifenia until the middle of September.

But there some mistrust began to grow for Rin. One of her associates confessed that she wasn’t actually singing. That someone else was singing for her behind the stage.

Rin shut herself up in the Corpa estate, and denied all meetings with anyone. Though Lemy had gone to the Corpa mansion, he’d been immediately turned away at the gate.

He didn’t know if Ton was a bad man or not. But right now, it was clear that Rin was in a crisis.

He wanted to meet and talk with her somehow. If she was suffering then he wanted to cheer her up, and if Ton was the kind of man that Bruno said, he would have to take action to save her from that place.

However, Lemy couldn’t come up with any good means for doing that.

As he was puzzling over this, Ney had then suggested to him:

If you can’t meet with her, then you should force your way inside, shouldn’t you?

Impossible. He could never pull something like that off. Lemy had objected.

Don’t worry. I’ll help you with it.

Ney would say things like that from time to time.

But Lemy had always figured that, as she could do nothing but speak to him, there wasn’t anything she could possibly do.

Even so, no matter how he tried he couldn’t overcome his desire to meet with Rin again.

.

This was Ney’s plan of attack.

First, he would dress up as one of the circus members currently staying there as preparation for the performance in Milanais Theater, and enter the gardens of the Corpa estate. And then, when night fell and everyone was fast asleep, he would make his way into the mansion and go see Rin—

It was an extremely simple strategy, but it worked like a charm.

Right now, Lemy was walking through the Corpa mansion dressed as a pierrot. This getup was perfect as a disguise.

With his face all painted white, even if he was discovered his identity wouldn’t be easily found out.

The problem was which room Rin was in. This was the first time he’d been inside Ton’s mansion, and so naturally Lemy didn’t know anything of its layout.

Hey…Listen up real closely. …Can’t you hear someone crying somewhere? You’ve got good ears, you should hear it.

Just as Ney said, he could faintly hear the sound of a girl crying somewhere up above them.

Maybe that’s Rin. Look for the stairs. She must be somewhere upstairs.

.

Following the crying voice, after stumbling several times on the stairwell, Lemy finally arrived at a room on the second floor.

He could hear the voice on the other side of the door. Now that he was so close, he could clearly hear it. Without a doubt, that was Rin crying.

Lemy quickly knocked on the door twice, trying as hard as he could not to make the noise stand out.

When he did, the crying he could hear stopped.

“…Who is it? Mr. Ton?”

“—It’s me. Remember? Lemy. Lemy, your friend from the orphanage,” Lemy replied in a whisper.

“…Lemy? Lemy!? What are you doing here—”

“I came here to talk to you. Please, let me in.”

After a moment, a reply came.

“…I can’t. It’s impossible. The door is locked from the outside, I can’t open it from in here.”

Did that mean she was trapped in there?

“Who has the key?”

“Mr. Ton. He always has it on his person.”
Then there was nothing to do for it. Naturally, meeting with Ton at this point would be far too dangerous.

To come all this way and still not be able to see Rin—

…If it’s a key you want, you’ve got it. Ney suddenly said.

“Huh!?”

Put your hand in your left pants pocket and see.

When he did so, he felt something in his pocket. It was hard to see in the dark, but it looked like a key.

“When did—”

That key can open up any door. Try it out.

Lemy fumbled for the keyhole on the door, and then put the key inside.

–The door readily opened. The light of the room filled his vision, and for a moment Lemy was blinded.

“Lemy…”

Rin was there when his eyes cleared up. Her features may have been entirely different from when she was in the orphanage, but her voice was unmistakably the same.

“Rin…long time no see,” Lemy said.

Rin shook her head a few times. “Oh no. I saw you before at the Lucifenian Palace too.”

“You noticed me?”
“Yeah. I saw you from the stage. You weren’t really listening to my song, just talking with the blue-haired man next to you the whole time.”

“Oh, no…It’s not that I wasn’t listeni—” he flusteredly tried to explain.

But before that she whispered, “It’s okay. It wasn’t me singing after all.”

“…So it’s true that someone else has been singing for you?”

Rin looked a little conflicted, but eventually she told him, as though having made her resolve, “Lemy, please! Take me away from here! If this keeps up I’ll be killed!”

“–! What!?”

“Now that it’s out that I haven’t been singing…now that the newspaper’s written that…Mr. Ton has killed Chansaux in the basement to hide the evidence.”

“Who’s Chansaux?”

“The girl who was singing in my place…Mr. Ton found her somewhere. But…I think Mr. Ton plans to kill me too, and make the whole thing go away. I heard him telling someone that he was just going to ‘find a new one’!”

It seemed that Bruno’s words had proved true.

Lemy’s heart simmered with overflowing rage.

This Ton Corpa—Nothing but a bastard pig who uses children to make money for himself!
“—Got it. Let’s go, Rin. First we’ve gotta get out of here.”

Lemy grabbed Rin’s hand, and then turned around.

He moved ahead carefully so as to not make any sound. And then, just as they were about to leave the room—

.

“Looks like a rat–or rather some pierrot—has made his way in here from somewhere.”

.

They encountered a man with a belly so big as to almost fill up the entire hallway.

“Mr. Ton…!” Rin screamed.

So this was Ton Corpa.

Son of a gun. He really was ugly like a pig.

“Where do you think you’re going with Rin, young man?”

“…Get out of the way.”

“Can’t do that. She knows too much. I have no use for a canary who can’t sing anymore. I have to put her down…You too,” Ton said, taking out a silver knife.

Lemy had no weapons on him. Even if he had, it probably wouldn’t have done him much good. Nobody had ever taught him how to use one.

Even so, Lemy regretted not having at least brought a frying pan or something to protect himself.
How pathetic. Your legs are shaking.

Ney had taunted him, but at that moment Lemy didn’t have the wherewithal to return fire.

The last time he’d been in a tight spot like this—it had been three years earlier.

“Who are you, youngster? Who sent you here?” Ton asked.

Of course, he couldn’t answer that honestly like a fool.

On the spur of the moment, Lemy told him, “I’m…Pierrot…Yeah, I’m ‘Fifth, Pierrot’!”

It was the name of the clown that had saved Lemy in that back alley three years before.

“Fifth…Pierrot!?” Upon hearing that name, Ton’s expression changed.

–Perhaps he also knew of that clown?

Ton’s fat body began to tremble all over.

“You’re from ‘Pere Noel’…So you’ve finally come to deal with me as your competition, huh?”

His tone was mixed with both fear and anger.

“But…Heh heh heh, how amusing that the true identity of that assassin ‘Fifth, Pierrot’ would be a little brat like you. Seems like I can manage in that case.”

Ton gradually closed the distance between him and the two kids, unflinching.

–What should he do? The way this was going—
Want me to save you? Ney was whispering again.

“…Ney. What should I do?”

Of course it was hard to imagine that Ney could do anything.

But right now he had no choice but to cling to her words.

There’s nothing difficult about this. Just…have some hope. Have some courage. And—Think to yourself that you want to do this…Yes–

.

Give over.

Everything.

To yourself.

.

–Had he lost consciousness?

Or had he not?

Lemy couldn’t really tell.

At any rate it felt to him as though he’d just done something while in a dreamlike state.

The only thing he was sure of was that when Lemy came to himself, laying at his feet was–

Ton Corpa.
There was the pig, his eyes wide open, not even a twitch of movement from him.

“Lemy…How could you have…?” When he turned around there was Rin, pale. “How could you have killed a person—“

For a moment Lemy couldn’t understand what she was saying.

“Me? …You’re saying that I killed him?”

He looked once more to his feet.

Stabbed deep into Ton’s back as he lay there, fallen, was a silver knife.

He had never touched a knife until then.

The idea that he could have taken the knife from Ton as he attacked, quickly circled him and stabbed that knife into his back—could that have happened?

Lemy didn’t know. He couldn’t remember.

“Yeah. Mr. Ton…I mean he was certainly a wicked person but…But! That didn’t mean you had to kill him!”

“…I had no choice. If I hadn’t, we would be the ones that were—“

“You’re lying! If you had no choice then why are you—“ Rin said to Lemy, trembling, “—Why are you smiling like that?”

…Smiling? Me?
Even though—Even though I had killed someone, was I excited over it?

I don’t know. I don’t know, but—

Right now—

“…Anyway, we should get out of here, Rin.”

Lemy tried to get closer to Rin.

But she pushed his hand away, taking a few steps back.

“No…stay back…you—you murderer!”

As she looked at Lemy, Rin’s eyes were full of fear.
