Several hours later.

Lemy and Rin were riding in a carriage together.

–After everything, Lemy had almost forcefully taken Rin from the mansion as she railed against him.

He felt like they’d been spotted by someone in the house, but he didn’t have the time to worry about something like that. Immediately after they’d left the gate, they’d boarded a carriage that just happened to be passing by.

Being able to find a carriage this late at night was nothing less than a stroke of good luck. According to the coachman, he had just dropped off a client in Rolled and was in the process of heading back home to Toragay.

“If you’re heading that way, you’re welcome to ride along.”

It was the opposite direction from Lemy’s house.

Rather, in the first place Toragay was a town located in the nearby country of Elphegort.

But Lemy accepted his offer.

Lemy’s clothes were stained red with Ton’s blood. The coachman hadn’t noticed due to how late it was, but if he went home like this he was sure that his mother and Pheobe would find out.

He couldn’t afford to cause trouble for his mother, who had only just been inaugurated as president.

For now they would go to Elphegort and then figure out what to do from there after they got off at a suitable place.

Fortunately, he had a little bit of spending money on him.

He had only been to Elphegort once. He had gone when he was eight years old with his mother and his auntie Mayrana.

Maybe he could go to her for help. Come to think of it Gatt had said he was going there too, though as he’d mentioned his furlough was only ten days he was probably already gone.

“Um…Lemy…I’m sorry. For the awful things I said earlier.”

Rin had finally calmed down.

“You saved me. And despite that, I—”

“It’s fine. Don’t worry about that now…”

It was only natural that Rin had been afraid.
Seeing a guy smiling after having killed someone right in front of her—that was pretty scary.

–Why, why had I been smiling?

“Hey Lemy, what are we going to do now?”

“For now I think we should go see my aunt in Calgaround, in Elphegort. I think she’s the mayor there—But before that let’s get off somewhere. I’m hungry, and…I’m also a little tired,” Lemy replied in a quiet voice.

That was because he figured it wouldn’t be a good idea to let the coachman hear their final destination.

Though there were a lot of things he wanted to ask Rin, he couldn’t right now. He decided that they would talk a little when they’d disembarked from the carriage and were alone.

Leaning back in the cab seat, he closed his eyes.

Despite being exhausted, in the end he wasn’t able to sleep a wink.

.

Just as the sun had started to come up, he got off the carriage with Rin. That was because it was growing brighter, and he was worried that the coachman would see the blood on his clothes.

This place was apparently in the northern district of Elphegort’s capital of Aceid.

“Please come back here tonight,” Lemy requested of the coachman as he handed over the cab fare.

“Of course. I’ll always welcome long-distance clients,” the coachman said, climbing back into the carriage and leaving for the north.

Two children clients, and one of them dressed like a pierrot besides—it might look pretty strange looking at it from the side, but that coachman hadn’t pried into the matter overmuch. Perhaps he was used to such clients in the course of his work.

There was an inn close by, so they decided to rest there for the time being.

The problem was that Rin was with him. She had only just held a concert right here in Aceid, and there was a fear of her face being recognized.

Lemy tore off his own sleeve, and used it as a sort of hood to obscure Rin’s identity. It was clumsy, but for now they were at least able to cover her face.

The owner of the inn apparently seemed to think that Lemy and Rin were traveling performers, and so while they were treated as a little suspect, they were able to rent a room without too much trouble. It was still a bit dim, so they managed to get through without the blood on his clothes being noticed.

Finally the two of them were alone in a calm place, and so Lemy could finally talk with Rin about everything.

She honestly told him everything that had happened since she’d been adopted by Ton.

.

–So Ton had adopted Rin with the intention of using her as a cheap source of labor after all.

At first she’d been made to work as a servant for a certain noble, but when Ton discovered that she had singing talent he schemed up that she would be able to make him money as a diva.

“But he told me that my face was too plain to show up on stage.”
Ton had taken Rin to a fortuneteller in the town of Rollam.

That fortuneteller woman had a strange power, and using a peculiar sword she had changed Rin’s face like magic.

“Did she cut your face with that sword?”

“No. She didn’t use the sword like a tool. ‘Seventh, Magician’ told me that she would change my face using the power of the demon that resided in the sword.”

“Seventh, Magician?”

“That’s what Ton called that fortuneteller.”

He’d heard that name before.

That was the name in what his mother had been muttering when they’d seen Rin at the performance in Milanais Theater.

“At first I was glad. Getting a face so much more gorgeous than before, becoming more and more famous—but after a while it became unbearable. Mr. Ton never let me rest, making me sing at so many places…”

Before she knew it, Rin stopped being able to sing in front of people.

“Though I could talk, for some reason I couldn’t sing. When there was finally no way to get around it, Ton then brought in Chansaux.”

“The girl who would sing in your place.”

“Apparently Mr. Ton had intended to make her into a new diva at first. But—she was a Netsuma. It’s not to the extent that it was a long time ago, but there are some people who hate the white hair that Netsuma have. So apparently Mr. Ton then took her to that fortuneteller again.”

However, at that point an unexpected setback occurred for Ton. “Seventh, Magician” had already closed up shop and vanished for parts unknown.

Without any recourse, the method he then came up with was having Rin stand up on the stage like she always had before, and then having Chansaux sing behind the scenes—

“Regarding that face of yours…Why does it look so much like mine?”

“I was surprised too at first. I was sure Mr. Ton had never met you before…But apparently this face is based on a portrait of Princess Riliane.”

“The ‘Daughter of Evil’!?”

“It’s true that a face of the royal family would be brilliant, and beautiful. Aside from that, Mr. Ton simply likes Princess Riliane’s face.”

But if you thought about that from the other side, then that led to the point that Princess Riliane resembled Lemy.

“Maybe you’re descended from the Lucifenian royal family, Lemy.”

“I can’t be. The Lucifenian royal line ended when Princess Riliane was executed.”

Even if that had been the case, Lemy’s true heritage meant nothing to him now.

Yeah—I’m already Julia Abelard’s son, after all.

His kind, strong, and honorable mother.
But it was possible that Lemy had now wounded the honor of that mother.

I’ve—killed a person.
