The fact that Lemy had committed a murder isn’t really all that surprising. Rather, I could say that it’s only natural.

One year after the Levianta Catastrophe—the day that I who should have become “Ma” instead “died” alongside the child in my belly—the “Twins of God”, who had gone missing after Meta took them away, “killed” their adoptive parents, Adam and Eve.

And by the twins’ hands several “Vessels of Deadly Sin” were created—

Why did the “Twins of God” who were supposed to save the world commit a wicked act such as that? What is the true identity of the “Vessels of Deadly Sin” in the first place? Over these six hundred years, I have been thoroughly investigating into it.

As a preamble, I have known that the “Twins of God” had a certain ability that us humans could not possess.

That was “reincarnation”—or to put another way, “being reborn”. The “Twins of God” were able to perform this deed that by all rights only the gods and their kin could achieve despite being human in nature.

In most cases, souls of dead humans were sent to “heaven”. They would spend eternity there, never again to return to the ground world.

But the “Twins of God” alone defied that rule, and could revive themselves on the ground world many times.

Whenever they revived, they would always be reborn at the same time as brother and sister. Banica Conchita’s servants, Arte and Pollo, are the easiest to use example. But it also seems that as time has passed, some torn seams have begun to show themselves. Ney was resurrected into the world alone, not as part of a twin set. Her reincarnation predated her brother’s by close to a hundred years.

Even when the “Twins of God” were reborn, they were still wicked. As for the reason why, I have concluded that that was a scheme of Seth Twiright. That he performed another kind of work when he put the “seed of god” inside their mother, Meta. He mixed a fragment of “malice” into the “seed of god”.

Just like me, Seth had also been an HER—A Hereditary Evil Raiser. HERs are endowed with the instinct to create allies for themselves. I too had once tried to do this using Duke Venomania. Seth trying to make the “Twins of God” into “HER”s was a quite natural act for him to do.

The “Twins of God” who had become the personification of wickedness created the “Vessels of Deadly Sin”. But that doesn’t mean the “demons” who dwelled within them came from nothing. And I know as well that they weren’t born from Eve, she who is called the “Original Sinner”.

The true identity of the demons—was that they are those who were underlings of one woman.

The woman who was the ringleader of everything.
