Chapter 4 ——Time and a Forest and a Song——

♣ Yukina ~In the country of Elphegort, “Millenium Tree Forest"~

There was a vast forest between Lucifenia and its
neighboring country to the north, Elphegort. There was no maintained road in
it, so it was dangerous for people unused to it to venture in unprepared. It
was said that, assuming you weren’t looking to get yourself killed, you ought
to have a guide with you who knows the area.

Fortunately for me, Yukina Freezis, my companions for
this journey were both acquainted with this forest.

“That being said, I’m only familiar with the Lucifenian
half,” Germaine Avadonia, the red-armored swordswoman, said with a shrug
inside this forest that was dark even during the day.

I looked towards the signboard in front of me. The crude
wooden sign buried in the weeds had a sentence that indicated this was the
border between Lucifenia and Elphegort.

“I will lead on, from here. This way.”

My other companion, the sorceress Gumillia, led us
through the trees without hesitation. The wounds she’d sustained two weeks
before hadn’t fully healed yet, but she didn’t show that it hurt in the
slightest.

I had no fear of getting lost, but even so there was
another problem. Unaccustomed to the forest as I was, traveling on this
roadless path was extremely harsh.

I had been bitten by bugs all over, and my clothes were torn
from being caught on branches. Frankly, I was starting to regret coming along
with the two of them.

Though there was no way that I could stay behind in the
Lucifenian palace, the way things were.

The king of Marlon, Kyle Marlon, had vanished from the
palace after that night… Naturally, having caused such a ruckus in the palace
at that time, we were the subject of suspicion. To make a long story short,
Gumillia, Germaine, and I all ended up becoming wanted people.

The vessels of deadly sin, and demons…I had proof that
they existed. I had seen it with my own eyes. I had seen the man who was my
father’s best friend, a kind-hearted king, change to having swarthy skin. I had
seen him grow sharp claws and fangs. And I had seen him sprout black wings from
his back.

My thirst for knowledge had been satisfied. But even so I
was pretty depressed.

“What’s wrong? If this is too much we can rest for a
little bit?” Germaine asked as she walked ahead of me, likely worried at
seeing the dark expression on my face.

Farther on ahead, Gumillia kept going in defiance of the vegetation
that stood in her way.

“…No, I’m fine.”

“According to Master Gumillia we’ll come out to a more
open place a little ways further, so just try to make it until then.”

As though to back up her words, I came to see a brighter
spot up ahead where the light was shining through. A sign of a place where the
density of the trees blocking out the sun was lower.

“…I just hadn’t really wanted to see someone that I
know turn into a demon.”

I wasn’t saying that to anyone. Only murmuring to myself.
But evidently Germaine heard me.

“So that was really Kyle after all?”

Germaine hadn’t been in the stables, so she didn’t see
Kyle’s transformation. But she had witnessed his grotesque form as he was
flying away somewhere after she had managed to shake off the Special Maneuvers
Task Force and escape the palace.

The monster had headed northwest–she’d told me he was
flying for here, the Millenium Tree Forest.

“…Yeah. There’s no mistake–that demon was Mister
Kyle.”

“Good grief, there’s still some things in this world
that I have trouble believing,” Germaine muttered as though talking about
someone else’s problem, pushing her way through the foliage. Hearing her tone, I grew miffed.

“That’s a little cold, don’t you think!? Didn’t
Mister Kyle fight with you once, long ago?” My tone abruptly turned harsh.

“–Sorry, sorry. That’s not what I’m trying to say.
It’s just…The way things have gotten, if I think about it too seriously, it’ll
all start feeling futile.”

“Futile?”

“Doesn’t it feel that way? Dealing with demons…
We’ve already gone well outside the scope of my understanding. So I’ve come to
think that I’ll just leave all the specifics on this whole thing to Master
Gumillia, and do as she says,” she remarked, chuckling.

I had wanted to see a demon. But I hadn’t wanted to see
an acquaintance become one.

I knew that was a selfish complaint. But if, for example,
there was a person who wished to know about “death”, then would that person
wish for the death of themselves or a relative?

I had gone on this journey wanting to know more about the
world. Even now I didn’t think I was wrong in my decision. However, maybe there
were some parts that someone like me ought not to experience.

“Are we treading in a domain that we shouldn’t?”

By that of course I didn’t mean the forest we were
walking in now.

“Maybe we are. But in the end–it’s clear we have to
do what we can do, isn’t it? We have no
choice, yeah? You and me both. …Oh, looks like we’ve come out to the
clearing.”

There was a break in the vegetation, and my view for up
ahead opened up. Seemed we’d come out onto a more spacious path. I could tell
it would be an easier walk from here.
