The mansion of the Felix family, most affluent in Toragay, was, as expected, much more splendid than any other around. And, though only slightly, it looked a little to her like it was larger than the Blankenheim manor as well.

The fastest way to determine someone’s financial standing was to look at their clothes. The second was to look at their house, and the third to look at what they ate. People tended to spend the most money on the three main necessities for life.

Only, while a house did serve as evidence that someone had money, it wasn’t a guarantee that they still had it. It was simple enough to save money on food and clothing, but the majority of people would only relinquish their home as an absolute last resort.

Hanne recalled the Freezis Foundation’s main headquarters. It was a symbol of the foundation’s glory, but she supposed that in the event of the Blankenheims, who had used up all their fortunes, both splendid mansions were little more than symbols of vanity.

People were not liable to accept ruin so easily. Especially prideful people like nobles, who would often do anything they could to keep from losing their lavish lifestyle.

Even if it meant breaking the law.

Or making a contract with a demon and a witch.

Hanne pulled the doorbell for the Felix mansion, and soon enough a servant woman came to the door. On seeing that they were still employing servants, she could tell that the Felix family still had some economic resources over the Blankenheims.

“Who are you, miss?” the servant girl asked.

Hanne hesitated over what she should reply. When she’d met him at the Blankenheim mansion, Dr. Felix hadn’t seemed all that pleased with her occupation. There was a chance that if she answered honestly, and the servant told that to the doctor, he would have her turned away at the door.

“I’m from the Freezis Foundation. I’ve come to speak to Sir Marx Felix to discuss something with him regarding my work.”

…Well, it wasn’t exactly a lie.

The servant gazed at Hanne a little suspiciously.

“He’s made no such appointments.”

“Terribly sorry. It’s an urgent matter, and so I arrived without giving him notice beforehand. Please tell Dr. Marx that I’ve confirmed an important fact regarding Marquis Blankenheim, and wish to speak with him about it.”

It wouldn’t do her any favors to be too secretive about it. She would just say that for now, and wait to see how things went whether Marx would take the bait or not.

But the servant still made no move to go call on the lord of the house.

“The master is currently resting at the moment…”

It was two in the afternoon. He surely must have had work to do, so it seemed a touch strange to her that he would be sleeping in the middle of the day.

“Is he feeling under the weather?”

“No, it’s nothing like that, I don’t think…He’s just been asleep since last night. He won’t stir no matter how many times I try to wake him….I suppose he must have been awfully exhausted. He’s been terribly anxious ever since that horrid thing happened to the marquis.”

The servant replied with a carefree tone, but Hanne couldn’t help feeling her heart pound.

–Continuing to sleep the whole time—

Was that really so? The servant didn’t look like she was lying, so it seemed unlikely she had said that just to drive Hanne away.

So then why in the world…

Hanne recalled what Kaspar and his mistress had looked like when they died.

The impression they gave her was one without the faintest sign of suffering on their faces.

Like they’d been sleeping—

“Excuse me!”

Hanne pushed past the servant and half-forcibly entered the mansion. She could hear her shouting something behind her, but she raced inside without paying it any mind.

Each room had their own respective nameplates on them, and thanks to that she was able to find Marx’ room in good time. Like the servant said, there he was resting in bed.

–That’s all it looked to be at first glance.

Hanne approached Marx and put her hand on his mouth. And then, when she had checked to make sure the servant had come into the room after her, she cried, looking frantic, “Call a doct—No, call the police!”

“–? H-huh!? What in the—”

“Hurry! …He’s not breathing.”
