Sometimes I wonder, what even is love? People can’t live without food. They would freeze without clothes. They could surely never rest without a place to live. But love isn’t absolutely necessary. People can without it. Love is like a jam you put on pancakes. Although I love that jam. I especially like Trauben jam. Trauben jam—what did it taste like? I’ve completely forgotten. Perhaps I’ve never eaten it. Do I want to have love? Or do I want to give it? Maybe it’s both, but I don’t mind if he doesn’t give me love. I can just give him twice as much love for the both of us. He’s always with other women, but I know that that’s not love. He’s only after pleasure. So he sleeps with those other women and smokes his cigarettes. Lately it seems he’s been favoring Eleanor and Fine. Eleanor is the name of a woman, Fine is the name of a cigarette. But where in the world is he getting the money to buy them with? I’m certain he doesn’t have much money left. Elluka might know something about that, but she hasn’t said anything about it to me. Kaspar doesn’t sleep with her, unlike his other women. He said that Elluka is a “business partner”. To me, Elluka is a friend. Not that much time has passed since we first met, but it feels like we’ve been friends for a very long time already. When we first met, Elluka looked at me and said “If it isn’t our little doll”. Those were certainly accurate words. I have always thought that I was like a decorative doll. She gets me better than anyone. She understands everything about me. Someone recently said I was a “poor girl”. Who was that? Maybe it was Kriemhilde. Kriemhilde is one of Kaspar’s lovers. But I’m not a “poor girl”. I’m perfectly happy. Elluka is the only one who understands that. That Kaspar and I are two hearts, beating as one. Whenever Kaspar is somewhere, I’m there. Even if we’re in different rooms, we’re one in a larger sense. I love Elluka. I love her, but it’s a little different from my other love. There are times when I think Elluka is just like a mother to me. My mother—what kind of person was she? I’ve completely forgotten. Perhaps I’ve never had a mother.
