–Men in military uniform stood around me in a line in the meeting room.

One of them was pointing to a spot on the map that was spread out on top of the table, and explaining something to me.

“—The southern front has already been broken by USE forces. Rolled has been taken from us, and they are currently marching for Lucifenian. At this rate, it’s only a matter of time before they retake the Republic of Lucifenia. We’ve managed to hold back the Marlon cruisers to the west with our naval unit, but the situation hasn’t been favorable–”

Why was he saying such things to me?

What—was this man’s name?

…Areus…Yes, he is…General Areus Hymn.
My blurred consciousness gradually began to clear.

And that’s…Gigaty…Polrio…And that man with the glasses is Grand…

I confirmed the names of each of the officers lined up before me inside my head.

Mima…Encheri…Yes, they’re all—my subordinates. My colleagues in the great Tasan Party.

General Areus didn’t look so good as he gave his report.

His expression, more than his words, told of our poor military situation.

“—Our allies have been slow to act. Beelzenia has their hands full with defending themselves, and Jakoku…They’re still suffering from the ‘unfortunate accident’ the other day. We have reports that they’re already preparing a complete surrender to the USE army.”

And there, General Areus stopped moving his mouth.

He seemed to be waiting for me to give some sort of response to his report.

It was the same with the others. There was sweat on his brow, and he remained standing at attention.

Would we surrender?

Or would we continue the war?

They were waiting for my words.

–The words of Elphegort’s führer, Nemesis Sudou.

.
I had been sitting in a chair, and it was there that I stood.

I could tell clearly that everyone was breathless with anticipation.

“…There’s no problem.”

I’m positive that I was smiling.

How could I be smiling in the midst of such a crisis?—That bewilderment showed quite obviously on the officers’ faces.

It wasn’t that I was bluffing.

It was as I had just said—there was no problem.

“Everyone, come with me.”

I approached a bookcase that was deeper in the conference room, and pushed a key that I had on my person into a keyhole on the underside of the shelf.

The bookcase slid to the side, and opened up a doorway to a hidden room.

.

There were various kinds of devices in this room.

There weren’t many who knew what they were for even among the top officers of the Tasan Party.

The first one to speak up was General Areus.

“So you’ve…already made preparations.”

“Correct. We need only activate it now, and everything will be over.” I put my hand on the firing mechanism, and once more flashed a smile. “This bastard child of the gods who will lead us to victory—‘Punishment’.”

It was a new weapon developed by Elphegort’s proud researchers. Its aim was already on the entirety of Evillious.
The two firing tests we had done for it had produced results beyond expectation. The first “Punishment” had completely burned down the Millennium Tree Forest to Elphegort’s south, and the second firing had transformed Jakoku’s Onigashima to a land of ash—To tell the truth, that one had been a miscalculation; by all rights it was supposed to land on an open field on the western edge of the United States of Maistia—we had finished correcting for that configuration error.

“But…Führer.” General Areus’s expression was still stiff, even as he looked upon the firing mechanism. “Do you really intend to use this?”

“Do you have some objection?”

“I have two worries. First—‘Punishment’’s destructive power vastly outstrips any weapon that already exists. No matter where it lands, we won’t be able to avoid having many civilian casualties. The other concern is that there are instabilities in its accuracy from rushing its development. There’s a chance that it may go off course and cause damage to our own country—”

“Our scientists are working to ensure that doesn’t happen. We won’t have another failure like with Jakoku.”

“But—”

General Areus didn’t withdraw. Apparently there were others who shared his thinking among the other officers.

It seemed I would have to first correct their misconception.

“General. I have no actual intention of firing ‘Punishment’ right away. This is—a deterrent.”

“…”
“Word has already spread to other countries of the situation in Onigashima. But the USE forces don’t yet know that we still have several ‘Punishments’ available. It is for that reason they are making such a cocksure advance. They believe that we have no more options available to us. …Once our enemy learns we have yet more ‘Punishments’, and that they are aimed at every country—there will be room for negotiation.”

“…I see.”

“Gentlemen, this next part is your job. Armed with the authority of ‘Punishment’, make the USE army withdraw from our nations!”

“Yes!”

Starting with General Areus, all the officers present saluted me.

“Now go! For Tasan Elphegort!”

“Long live Führer Sudou!”

.

–After the meeting had ended, I took a brief rest in my quarters.

Generally it wasn’t a good idea to stand by the window. There was always the chance of being targeted by an enemy sniper.

Go ahead and kill me, if you can.

I began to gaze at the scenery outside without much hesitation. The windows on the opposite building, its roof, among the branches of the roadside trees—there was no silhouette of an assassin anywhere.

Despite the whole world being at war, it was quiet around Tasan headquarters. I could see an aging woman walking the path, pulling along a cart with a large barrel inside.

I returned my gaze to the inside of my room. I didn’t much care for excessive decoration. As long as I had the bare minimum of what I needed, that was enough for me.

Here there was only a desk, a chair, a bed for napping, several medals and photos pinned up on the wall, and—one large water tank.

At the bottom of the water tank a Ziz Tiama—a blue octopus—was sleeping soundly. Most of the time when visitors first came here, they would seem put off by the octopus. Frankly speaking, perhaps they were more put off by me, for keeping such a thing in my room.

This octopus was one that my mother had given me soon after I was born. I had given him the nickname of “Mr. Ziz”, and doted upon him. We had been together for over thirty years now. He was my oldest friend, and you could say we shared a common destiny.

As long as Mr. Ziz was alive, I would not die—Whenever I told anyone that, they would laugh, thinking I was joking.

There was only one person who took me seriously, without laughing.

–I’m sure that if he were still alive, my life would have taken a very different turn. I wouldn’t be in the position to rule a country like this—I would be living as one woman, as a wife…

What a foolish fantasy.

There’s nothing gained by looking back to the past, and I had no regrets about who I was now.

I had to save the world.
This world filled with this “anger”.

…Even if I wasn’t the right person to do that.

I couldn’t go back now.

.

I realized there was some commotion going on outside, and once more returned to the window.

The guards were quarreling with someone out by the main gate.

When I looked closer, I saw that it was the same woman who had been pulling the cart before.

“—I’m telling you, I was told to bring this food in here!”

“We haven’t heard anything about that. And this place is closed to the public to begin with.”

“That’s none of my concern! If I don’t finish my work, I won’t get paid! Just let me through!”

It seemed the soldiers weren’t able to run the woman off very well, stupefied at her threatening attitude.

There was a knock on the door, and Colonel Polrio immediately entered. He had several documents in hand.

Before he could speak, I cut in with, “There’s a ruckus going on outside.”

“…I beg your pardon. It looks like some peasant woman trying to push her wares. –Would you like me to give the order to have her shot?”

“She may be a peasant, but we can’t afford to have you harming a citizen of Elphegort without cause. Have her leave politely…If they can’t even do that, then Tasan Elphegort’s soldiers must not be worth much.”

“—Of course. I will do as you ask.”

Colonel Polrio hurriedly left the room, leaving the documents on my desk.

–The populace was suffering from this prolonged war. We had a serious shortage of goods. And we couldn’t rely on aid from our allies.

And here to break this stalemate—

…Is, I suppose, ‘Punishment’.

I had told everyone earlier that I had no intention of using it right away.

Of course, there’s nothing I would prefer more than for all of this to be resolved without anyone being sacrificed.

But…the other me whispered in my heart.

.

“Everything must be purified.”

.

This brutal personality that slept within me. It had tormented me since I was a child.

I’d become mostly able to shut her out since becoming an adult, but–

It felt as though her voice was growing stronger lately.

.
The ruckus was still ongoing outside.

“That’s enough of your nonsense!”

I could hear the soldiers shouting. When I looked out the window they were aiming the machine guns that they carried at the woman.

And in no time at all, several gunshots rang out.

The woman didn’t seem to have been shot. Rather, I could see some faint sand clouds from the ground near her, apparently from warning shots.

“If you don’t want to get shot, leave now!”

Perhaps frightened by the soldiers’ threat, she turned around and then slowly started walking towards her cart.

What a waste of bullets.

I would have to punish them for that later with a pay cut.

Once the woman reached the cart, she didn’t immediately set out.

She put her hand on a cord tying down a sheet on top of the barrel there.

–I suddenly got a bad feeling.

Despite having just been threatened with a gun, the woman’s face bore a calm smile.

She unfastened the cord, and swiftly yanked off the sheet.

What immediately broke through the lid of the barrel and leaped out was—

…A—tiger!?

The guardsmen looked even more surprised than I was. Taking advantage of their immediate inaction, the tiger quickly pounced upon one of the soldiers.
“Aaaaugh!”

By the time the reserve guards had rushed out of the main building, hearing the screams, the tiger had already ripped the man’s throat out.

–At some point the woman had vanished from her place by the cart.

Everyone started to fire at the tiger all at once.

But the tiger ran to escape the rain of bullets, disappearing behind the building on the other side of the road.

“Catch it!”

Complying with their commanders’ order, all the guards headed in the direction the tiger had fled.

They went behind the building, and just as they were out of sight—

Again, the sound of gunshots rang out.

Just now…That didn’t sound like our military guns.

Immediately, a fewer number of soldiers came running back. They then hid behind the perimeter wall of the headquarters, and took up firing stances.

The troop leader blew the whistle to call in reinforcements.

“We’re under attack!”

At the same time, I could hear more firing from the enemy soldiers on the other side.

I immediately pulled away from the window and hid myself in a spot that couldn’t be seen from the outside.
And then I recalled a certain name to mind.

That tiger…I wonder if it’s Feng Li. A ghost of PN.

Then that woman was probably—a disguised Hel Jaakko.

Colonel Polrio sprinted into the room, accompanied by two subordinates.

“We’re under attack!”

“I know that! By who and how many?”

“Judging by their uniforms they’re likely from the United States of Maistia! As for how many…As far as we can tell at present, maybe ten-odd soldiers.”

“Maistia…Quite a feat, coming all the way here from across the ocean.”

It must have been an infiltration unit that came to Elphegort masquerading as peasants.

Still…How reckless. There’s no way these headquarters will fall to such a small number of people.

I heard the sound of my room’s windows violently shattering from enemy fire. Colonel Polrio let out a small wail and hid under my desk.

“Führer, this is too dangerous! We must move to the war council room!”

“That would be wise.”

I started to head for the doorway, crouching down.

“…Colonel Polrio.”

“Yes?”
“Take my water tank to the war council room.”

“Huh? But I can’t do that by myse—”

“What are those men cowering at your side here for?”

Even amid all this chaos, Mr. Ziz was peacefully drifting around in his tank, showing no sign of waking up.

What a carefree creature.

.

While we waited for the battle to end inside the war council room, I pondered on the true identity of our foes.

Why are former PN members with Maistia troops?

There was a justice organization known as the Dark Star Bureau in northern Levianta. This bureau had once created its own personal peace-keeping force separate from the police.

That was “Police Neutrality”—nicknamed “PN”.

After Levianta had broken out into civil war on account of Dark Star Bureau Director Gallerian Marlon’s excesses, PN was disbanded.

The whereabouts of its former members varied. Some were imprisoned, some were recruited into the World Police, some went to spend the rest of their years in their homelands—

I had once worked in PN myself.

…Though I was never an official member. On the surface, PN had the purpose of performing peacekeeping activities in each country as an alternative to the corrupt police, but behind the scenes it also carried out secret assassination jobs against any who would threaten the Dark Star Bureau—or rather, anyone who got in Gallerian’s way.

I had been entrusted with carrying out such “behind the scenes” tasks.
Feng Li, Hel Jaakko…They had been part of PN’s “public” face. For that reason, while I had heard of them, today was my first time ever laying eyes on them.

Perhaps I didn’t need to think too deeply about it. A great deal of time had passed since PN was disbanded. There was nothing particularly odd about anywhere its members ended up working.

–I was more proof of that than anyone.

Who could have imagined that little old Nemesis would be standing at the top of Elphegort? Me, who had once done nothing but make trouble with my friends in the slums of Aceid?

“…It’s quiet.”

At some point the sound of gunshots had faded away.

“Perhaps they’ve finished suppressing our foes,” Colonel Polrio suggested.

About ten party officers including myself were assembled in the council room, the safest place in headquarters.

“…Where is Major Encheri?”

It was then that I finally realized one of the officers was absent.

“Gone, now that you mention it. …Maybe he grabbed a gun and went out to join the fight. He’s quite the daring man, ha ha ha.”

I would have really preferred if General Areus had been joking. “I told him to think of his age and position. It’s not a commander’s job to be standing on the front lines.”

“True, he’ll be in for a scolding when he gets back.”

Suddenly, the door opened.

The man standing there was the very subject of discussion, Major Encheri. Everyone in the room turned their gaze to him at once.

I noticed immediately that he had sweat pouring from his temples. Perhaps he was uncomfortable with having been so late…That’s what I thought for a moment.

No…it’s not that.

General Areus seemed to notice something off about Major Encheri as well when he tried to approach him.

“You—”

But before General Areus could speak to him, Major Encheri pitched forward.

Thrust deep into his back—was a wide knife.

“–!?”

Everyone grasped the situation, and moved to hide behind the desk, drawing their guns.

However…our foe’s movements were just a little bit quicker.

The muzzle of a gun flashed from the other side of the doorway—several people were shot by the bullets flying from it.

“Gah!”

I peered at the fallen from the shadow of the desk.

They got…Gigaty and Grand. General Areus is…just barely alive.
He was lying on the spot, moaning in pain from a shot to his left leg.

Someone then stomped on his wounded leg.

“Haugh!”

Ignoring General Areus’ pitiable cries, the intruders drew closer to me and the others.

“Drop your guns and stand up with your hands in the air!” the man who appeared to be the leader shouted at where we were hidden.

Naturally, we had no intention of obeying his words.

I stood, and showed myself to our enemy—my gun at the ready.

At that signal, the others also stood and pointed their guns at the intruders.

There were less of them than I’d thought.

Only three.

They all hid their faces with cloth and goggles.

We’ve got seven people left. We’ve got superior numbers, but…

There was a clear difference in equipment between us and our foes.

All of the Tasan officers were wielding pistols for personal protection. By contrast, they were equipped with fully automatic rifles. And the vests they were wearing were, without a doubt, bulletproof.

Even if we exchange fire…they’d be the ones left in the end.

Their leader likely realized that.
He aimed the gun at me and declared, showing no sign of fear, “I’ll say it again. Drop your guns. If not, I’ll shoot Führer Sudou first.”

The officers all looked conflicted, but when Colonel Polrio threw down his gun in defeat, the others followed suit one by one.

And so—I was the only one among my allies who was still wielding a gun.

“You don’t know when to give up, do you Führer? Even you must see you have no hope of winning.”

The leader continued to aim his gun at me, the other two watching the captured officers menacingly.

“No.”

And yet, I had no intention of obeying him.

“I see, then you leave me no choice—you will die here, Nemesis.”

The man pulled the trigger without hesitation.

.

–But the bullet never actually left his machine gun.

What happened instead was an “unfortunate accident”

“Guuh…”

The man fell into a crouch, clutching his now blood-covered hand.

He couldn’t have imagined it.
–That his gun would explode the moment he pulled the trigger.

“Guess you weren’t so lucky, heh heh…” I smiled sardonically, but of course this…was not simple “bad luck”.

“Sir!”

One of his allies raced to him, and then pointed their machine gun at me.

“Oh, are you going to shoot next? Go ahead, try it. However…you’d better hope there’s not another ‘accident’.”

He moved to shoot me, angered by my provocation, but the leader stopped him.

“Don’t do it! This woman…did something to the gun.”

The leader took the gun from his comrade and carefully checked it with shaking hands.

“…As I thought. Something’s clinging to the inside of the bolt…Is this…ice?” Finally the man tossed the gun aside, and then glared at me through his goggles. “—You damned witch.”

“My my, don’t use such an anachronistic word. ‘Witches’—their existence was thoroughly debunked by the Dark Star Bureau long ago, you know.”

“…I know. I too was once a member of ‘PN’, after all.”

My heart faintly stirred at hearing that.

I once more looked at his wound.

That bloodied hand…the color of his skin…He was black.
This man…he can’t be…

While holding my gun in one hand, I walked closer to him.

His other comrade kept their machine gun trained on me, but there was no need to fear. Even if they fired, they would meet the same outcome as their leader.

I put my hand on his goggles and ripped them off.

Then I tore away the cloth covering him, and there—

Was a face I knew.

“—So, Bruno Zero…It is you.”

The unsavory organization, PN.

He had been its leader.

“It’s been a while, Nemesis.”

“…You’ve gotten old, Bruno.”

This was a reunion decades apart, but neither of us were smiling.

“Why are you with the Maistian army—Or rather, why are you attacking this place?”

“Do you really need to ask me that? I would think it’s obvious I came to kill you, the enemy of the United States of Maistia…the führer of Tasan Elphegort.”

“If that’s the case why didn’t you shoot me right away? You tried to get me to surrender at first.”

Bruno didn’t reply.
He simply continued to glare at me, silently.

Getting a hold on the situation, Colonel Polrio scooped up his gun and approached my side.

“Is this an acquaintance of yours, Führer?”

“Acquaintance…Yeah. You could say this man—Bruno, is the one to whom I owe my life.”

“My word, then—”

“Search him. You might find something.”

Colonel Polrio quickly seized Bruno, and then began to search his pockets.

As he did, the other officers grabbed Bruno’s comrades and called for reinforcements.

–It was apparent that the combatants who had attacked the main gate at the start were merely a diversion. Then a different unit comprised of Bruno and his allies snuck in while the guards were distracted and reach the council room…That was the gist of it.

“Führer. I found this—” Colonel Polrio handed me a sheet of paper once he had finished searching Bruno. “It looks like orders. It’s been written in code so I don’t know what it says…Shall I have it deciphered?”

“No need.”

I recognized that code.

“Using the same code that you did back in PN—You’ve gone senile, Bruno.”

Its contents…were details on the new weapon that we possessed, “Punishment”.
And also the order to destroy it.

So the information’s been leaked. But I only revealed the existence of the completed “Punishment” to the officers for the first time in the meeting earlier. So then—there’s a chance we have a spy amidst our military scientists.

I would have to look into that later.

First—I needed to decide on what to do with Bruno.

I drew closer to him, and put the muzzle of the pistol in my hand in the middle of his brow.

“Do you remember this gun, Bruno?”

“…Your ‘Naga Custom 44”.

“Yes…The revolver that ‘Postman’ gave me that day. The name of the sender was…’MASTER’.”

“…”

“If it hadn’t been for you, I wouldn’t be here now. The person who saved me when I was charged for the crime of sinking the S.S. Titanis and sentenced to be executed—was you.”

“…I regret doing it. You should have died back then.”

Even so, he had saved my life.

Because I—was the daughter of someone he loved.

I lowered the gun, and brought my face closer to look him right in the eyes.

“I will say it once more. I owe you my life. You saved me. And—you are the one who made me into what I am now.”

“So…You’re going to save me now? Is that what you’re about to say?”
I smiled at him.

“Oh no. It’s for that very reason—I’m going to kill you.”

I once more put the muzzle against his brow, and quickly pulled the trigger.

And as the blood splash washed over my face, I felt satisfied down to my very core.
