This memory cuts out there.

Seeing as that handgun is the same as the revolver that Postman brought in, there’s little room for doubt.

In other words…This man named Bruno is one of the “six”.

However, from only this there’s still a great deal I don’t know about Bruno and Nemesis’ relationship.

When he was working for the organization known as PN, Bruno had rescued Nemesis from being sentenced to death. And then, after time had passed and the two of them were reunited again as enemies, Nemesis killed Bruno—That’s all I can glean from this memory.

I’ll need probe in a bit deeper.

Next—I’ll follow up on the memory thread.

Relevant memories are connected to each other by a thin thread-like substance. If I reel in that thread starting from the memory I have just experienced, I’ll be able to arrive at a new one.

The difficulty of this task depends on the patient. In Nemesis’ case…Frankly, I’d have to say she’s the most bothersome instance I’ve run into.

Normally, newer memories are the most vivid. Most of her memories are no exception, but somehow her newest memory—the one that likely continues after the memory I just experienced—is so horribly disordered that I can’t get ahold of it.

I can formulate a hypothesis for that, thinking on Nemesis’ current state. That is, that whatever is in that memory is what brought about her psychosis.

For that reason I have decided to first rewind to Nemesis’ past, using the memory with Bruno as a starting point.

Still…To think this woman wasn’t a mere murderer, but a dictator.

I have several thoughts on that, personally.

But I ought not to interject with my opinion before the analysis is finished.

To merely observe during the “swap”—that is a fundamental principle.

.

Pushing through miscellaneous memories, I’ve discovered several new ones, the ones I’d been searching for.

By gathering these up I’m confident that I’ll be able to learn more about Bruno…and about another man Nemesis killed.
