The last of today’s menu is a “Combo Platter of Varied Desserts”.

.

The five varieties of food it employs are apple, banana, orange, peach, and melon.

Among all of them we have selected cultivars that are sparing on their sweetness.

There are some guests who are dissatisfied with that, but we are of the opinion that overly sweet desserts are not suitable for the concept of our restaurant.

.

When you eat in the “Graveyard”, please enjoy a conclusion that contains both the sweet and the bitter.

It was three days after Empress Juno had heard information that the Phantom Thief Platonic had been captured in the Lucifenian territory.

Duke d'Autriche had wanted to punish Platonic himself, but Juno had rejected that and instead ordered the Duke to escort her to the imperial castle.

Juno had things she wanted to ask her. Platonic had committed burglary in several regions, and though Juno would hear of many reports on her, there was one among them that she was interested in.

It was close to one year ago, but she had heard tell that Platonic had been seen in the Conchita territory. Generally speaking she only targeted the homes of nobles. And when it came to nobles that Platonic would be after in the Conchita territory–there were no other candidates but Banica Conchita.

If Platonic had made her way onto the Conchita estate, then Juno wanted to know what she knew. She had wanted to ask her directly–just what in the world was going on inside that household–

Four months had passed since the soldiers she’d deployed to the Conchita mansion had gone missing, but she had yet to carry out any valid countermeasures. There were reports that those soldiers had defected to Banica, and that they’d become pure white monsters, prowling about the estate.

There was a high chance that Banica was plotting a rebellion. Nearby territories were calling for her to keep on her guard. But as Banica herself had not taken any action at this point, she wanted to avoid sending any great army to invade the Conchita territory as much as possible.

The movements of the country of Asmodean had been suspicious lately. It seemed that they were preparing themselves to wage a full blown war with the Beelzenian Empire. With these circumstances, if some internal dispute were to occur in Beelzenia it was doubtless that Asmodean would take advantage of that.

She couldn’t deny the possibility that Banica had a connection to Asmodean. She had once traveled there long ago. She had claimed not to have contact with Burglar, but right now even that was suspect.

The reports of white monsters, and all of Banica’s bizarre actions that she had been hearing about even before then–Juno was concerned about all of it. In all of the Beelzenian Empire’s history, there were several cases of nobles who had been thought sensible suddenly taking insane actions and getting caught up in insurrections. They had all happened before Juno was born, so she had never personally experienced any of them, but Juno had the suspicion that there was something that Banica’s case shared with all of them.

Something representative of nobles going wild would probably be the “Venomania Event”. The event where Sateriasis Venomania, the Duke of Asmodean, which had at the time been a territory of Beelzenia, had kidnapped many women and made a harem out of them–and, supposedly with that acting as a catalyst, it even extended to internal strife occurring in Marlon. That was because Duke Venomania had kidnapped the then queen of Marlon.

And it was said that a single sorceress had contributed to the resolution of that matter.

There existed someone in the current era who had inherited that sorceress’ name.

And Juno had been looking for her too. Each time a great problem occurred in Beelzenia she would appear, and then once she had splendidly solved it she would disappear again somewhere. Juno and the previous emperor had both appealed several times for her to come serve the imperial family, but she had never acquiesced.

It was considerably difficult to locate someone elusive like her. She was always showing up on her own after catching wind of events.

Perhaps she was already caught up in Banica’s case. If so, then surely she would appear at the imperial castle eventually–

And Juno’s expectations on that front were not wrong.

The Phantom Thief Platonic was pushed before Juno’s eyes in the audience hall.

The pink-haired woman standing next to her was none other than the sorceress Juno had wanted to see–

Elluka Clockworker.
