The baby had stopped crying, and was quietly sleeping.

Looking upon that sleeping face, Banica somehow felt herself grow happy.

–Despite the fact that she was incredibly hungry

.

<You’re not going to eat it?>

She heard a voice from somewhere.

The baby couldn’t talk. And it certainly wasn’t Banica’s voice.

It was a voice reverberating directly inside her mind.

And she remembered hearing it before.

“Long time no see, demon.”

<If you don’t eat that baby, this time you really will die>

In the back of her mind a faint red mist-like thing had risen along with the voice.

“Must it be the baby I eat specifically?“

<Yes. Why do you think you’ve lost your powers?>

“No clue.”

Banica continued the conversation with the “demon” in her head.

<It’s because of that golden powder.>

“That Carlos had? But back when I ate it, it didn’t work on me.”

Her body had felt a little numb, but she’d immediately recovered, the poison unable to finish her off.

Although Carlos had died.

<Not with just the amount he put in your soup. But you even ate him. His whole body was permeated with the ingredients of the powder–he’d been taking doses of it for several decades up to then. It’s spoiling your own body, little by little. Soon you’ll become unable to hear my voice.>

“But what does that have to do with this baby?”

<That child is a vaccine>

“Vaccine? What’s that? Is it tasty?”

That wasn’t a word Banica was used to hearing.

<That’s right, that’s a word lost to your kind’s world…In brief, it’s a medicine that has the power to oppose poison. It is being generated in this baby’s body.>

“You know everything, don’t you? Do you know Arte and Pollo’s true identities too?”

Those two were always with Banica. During that time, they hadn’t aged. And after Banica had made her contract with the demon, they had continued to obey her without fear or surprise. Somehow or other she knew they weren’t ordinary humans, but in the end what they actually were hadn’t become clear.

“Were they your lackeys?”

<No. Explaining those two is a little difficult. They are ‘Hänsel’ and ‘Gretel’—The reincarnations of those who are my colleagues, parents, and children.>

“I don’t get it.”

<I’ll tell you more of that when you get my power back. Now! Quickly eat this child!>

The demon’s tone grew harder. At the same time, its vague form came to rise just a bit more clearly into her mind.

The demon was red, and had a round body.

“…No.”

<Why!?>

“I don’t know. But I won’t do what I won’t do.”

<Are you touched by emotion? Good grief—you’re so trivial. You really are a worthless fool!>

The demon’s tone was gradually gaining an air of intimidation.

At the same time, its appearance was becoming increasingly clearer.

It had short arms and legs, and a cute tail.

“I don’t have any reason to take abuse from a demon.”

<Just eat it already! Take “food” from you, and what would you say is left?!>

“No, I won’t.”

<Eat! Eat! Eat!>

“I won’t! I won’t! I won’t!”

The argument inside her head continued.

At the same time she felt that the demon’s nose was huge, and pointing up as though smashed.

<You’re suffering from hunger, aren’t you? But even if you search around here—no, even if you search throughout the entire world, there is nothing you can eat that will satisfy you! Except for this child!>

The internal voice of the demon began to turn into something with a touch of menace.

Banica had already become able to clearly see its true form.

This deep red pig was compelling Banica to eat.

Banica thought, perhaps this pig was the “Baemu”, or possibly her dear mother.

“There isn’t anything to eat?”

Was that really the case?

Banica realized—

–A way outside of eating her child.

She had finally realized.

“Maybe that isn’t truly so?”

<What!?>

“Now I’ve realized. That there is a food I haven’t eaten aside from this child. And that it’s very close to me.”

Banica looked at her own right hand, and quietly smiled.

.

“There’s still something to eat, isn’t there?”

The pig guessed what Conchita was thinking about, and swiftly panicked.

<…Don’t even consider something that foolish. Stop—Stop, dammit!>

“I am going to eat. Myself. Along with you, hm? Well then—”

.

To Banica, this was her first meal in quite a while.

And her last “evil food”.

.

“—What kind of taste do I have, I wonder? ❤”
