They left town, and when they stood on the mountain thirty minutes later Elluka and Platonic had reached the front gate of the Conchita mansion.

Certainly, just as the minstrel had said, there was no sign of anyone outside the mansion or inside.

“Well then, how are we going to get in?” During the trip Platonic had made scattered complaints the whole way, but with the mansion before them she seemed to have finally secured her resolve, and asked her question with serious eyes.

“We’re not going any which way in particular. We’ll go through the front door.”

“Huh?! But the gate might be locked. I could open it up for you if you want, but–”

“That won’t be necessary.”

Elluka snapped her fingers, and with a click the lock was undone–the gate opened all too quickly.

“…Ah. You just used some unlocking magic didn’t you, Miss Elluka. That’s great–if I had a spell like that I’d be able to steal as much as I wan–”

“It’s impossible for you,” Elluka replied immediately, cutting off Platonic’s words.

“Yeah yeah. Guess I don’t have a shred of magical talent.”

They entered the main gate, and advanced through the gardens. According to Platonic when she’d snuck in before there had been lots of white livestock grazing around inside, but as expected none of them were there now.
“First I suppose we shall go meet with the mansion’s owner. Platonic, where is Banica Conchita’s room?”

“Uuh, if I remember right it’s a corner room on the third floor.”

Even after entering the mansion there wasn’t a soul around. As there was no sign of anyone appearing to deal with Elluka and Platonic, the two of them moved on without hesitation.

“–Maybe everyone’s already fled.” Platonic said to Elluka, keeping her voice low.

“Fled? The Beelzenian army surrounds all the checkpoints leading to other regions. They couldn’t get out that simply.”

“It’s easier than you’d think to get around the checkpoints. I’ve done it plenty of times before.”

“…Well, at any rate, let’s search the whole mansion. We’ll consider the possibility that they’ve escaped after that.”

The two climbed the stairs, and arrived at the second floor.

At that point, Platonic noticed a noise that she’d heard from a nearby room.

“…Sounds like there’s someone here.”

“Let’s go in.”

Elluka opened the door without hesitation, and went inside. Platonic timidly followed after her.

There was no one inside the room, but this time they heard much more clearly than before what sounded like something moving.

It was coming from the fireplace. The two of them peeked inside, and lying down there was a white pig wearing a necklace of roses.

“…Was it hiding here? Seems like it’s hardly breathing now.”

“Platonic, poke it.”

“N-no way! I was bitten by this thing before!”

“Touch it, I command you.”

Platonic resignedly reached out and hesitantly poked the dying pig on the stomach with her index finger.

In that moment, the pig’s body crumbled in the blink of an eye, leaving behind only bones.

“Well, good gracious! Platonic, you’ve remorselessly slaughtered an innocent little pig! How cruel!” Elluka cried in an affected tone.

“You little…That wasn’t me! Why in the world–”

“–The pig was already dead. Just like the Pale Man in the cell. It had been revived by force using some strange power. In other words, this pig returning to the soil like this–”

“….That means that the source of the strange power has vanished?”

Elluka sighed regretfully.

“Let’s go to the third floor. Conchita’s corpse is likely to be in her room, or else somewhere else in the mansion. It’d be great if we found the wineglass with her…but my hope is slim.”

.

On the third floor was Banica Conchita’s room.

The sight that they both saw when they entered it was far different than they’d imagined.

There was a single figure inside.

But it wasn’t Conchita, nor was it the twins that were her servants.

The two of them dropped their eyes to a desk in the center of the room.

.

Lying there was the wineglass, stained in blood–

And a small baby lying sleeping on a plate.

–In the end, Elluka and Platonic were unable to find Banica.

She had unexpectedly vanished from the mansion without a trace.

Upon receiving a report on that from Elluka, Empress Juno declared to outside countries that Banica had gone missing. Naturally, leaving out the parts regarding the existence of the dead soldiers and that she’d been plotting a rebellion.

Having received that report, Empress Juno judged that Banica had fled to foreign territory.

The Conchita territory once more fell under rulership of the imperial family, and eventually it was officially annexed into the Beelzenias region. Incidentally, the border town of Gasto was brought into Rucolebeni, which gained the large-scale townscape that it has today.
The baby that had been in the Conchita estate was at first made into Juno’s adoptive child.

However, there was opposition from those around her, and so eventually things calmed down by having the baby raised as the child of Juno’s servant.

Among historians there are those that posit a theory that proposes that child’s descendant was Germaine Avadonia, the hero of the Lucifenian Revolution, but it isn’t very well endorsed.

As for what happened to the wineglass–I can’t rightly say.

There is the theory that Elluka took it with her after that, and it’s also said that Platonic outwitted Elluka and secretly stole it away.

In regards to historical developments, the country of Marlon won its war, and the country of Lioness perished.

There’s no one who knows what happened to AB-CIR.

A war began between the Beelzenian Empire and the country of Asmodean, and, stretching on so long without a resolution, it impoverished both countries.

Taking advantage of that, the Lucifenian territory of the Beelzenian Empire began to work towards its independence, and so Duke d'Autriche, taking on the name of Lucifenia the First, founded the Kingdom of Lucifenia.

In this way begins the history of the Beelzenian Empire’s decline–

And it is here that the story of Banica Conchita, and your meal for the day, has come to an end.
Did you enjoy yourself?

As for compensation you may pay your bill at the front desk.

Please note, we don’t allow credit–

…Do you still have some business here?

…Huh!?

Our business permit?

I don’t know what you’re talking about.

…What’s this piece of paper?

…“USE Dark Star Bureau”!?

I–I don’t know what you mean.

We haven’t done anything illeg–

.

Wh—who are these people!?

I’m being arrested!?
Stop it, stop it this instant!

Don’t lay waste to this restaurant!

.

The glass?

The mirror?

I don’t know! And even if I did, I wouldn’t tell you!

Agh! Stop it, don’t you take that out of here!

The owner?

I’ve never met him!

The—The chef’s gone!?

That bastard freaking ran off without me!

.

–Unhand me, you insolent thug!

No matter how many times you ask, I can’t tell you what I don’t know!

.

I’m just the Waiter!
