Chapter 1

Section 1 ——The Star Fortress——

♣ Yukina ~In the Former Lucifenia Territory, “Town of Retasan/Main Street”~

The fortified city of Retasan.

To me this town was just a transitional stop on my
journey; it wasn’t an area with any special meaning to it.

Once I’d crossed the border from here and headed east,
I’d arrive in the Empire of Beelzenia. My destination was there. I had arrived
here only three days ago, but I intended to get my departure permissions soon
and leave town.

I wasn’t in any real hurry. But having said that, the
town’s only real notable features were the fort walls that enclosed its
surroundings in the shape of a star. And I had almost no interest in military
installations.

I left the inn where I was staying, “The Half Moon Pavilion”,
and walked along the main street that led to the fort gate. The road had a large
stream of people walking on it, and it was overflowing with energy. When I
looked around I saw several different shops lined up; hardware stores, tailors,
fruit sellers, general goods stores, and spice merchants. I advanced quickly
along while holding my brown suitcase in both hands.

The suitcase was of sturdy make. Thanks to that it hadn’t
broken once during the entire one year trip, but as I was a fourteen year
old girl it was a little heavy for me to carry. Even so, that was something I’d
already grown accustomed to.

Right then, a slightly strong wind blew through.

“Ah!”

The hat with a ribbon tied around it that I was wearing
flew into the air. After passing by overhead of the pedestrians, it touched
down in front of a locksmith. When I dashed over to get it, a woman who was
passing by picked it up first.

She looked to be in her mid-twenties. The blonde haired
woman smiled and set my hat back down on my head.

Looking closely, the woman was wearing a soldier’s
uniform. She wore the national emblem of the old Lucifenian kingdom on her left
breast. I had been able to see a considerable number of soldiers among the
people walking along the road. It wasn’t that unusual–the town was right along
the country’s border, and it was pretty strongly considered to be a fortress.

“You have my thanks,” I nodded, expressing my
gratitude. Still smiling, she waved her hand and started heading in the
opposite direction to me.

I didn’t think it was a bad town. It was just that I
wanted to leave it as soon as I could–to speak more frankly, I wanted to leave
the country as soon as I could.

It had been over one year since I’d left Marlon against
my parents’ wishes.

When I’d first begun my trip, I had been a sheltered girl
who didn’t know anything. I was ignorant of the ways of the world, not even
knowing how to shop or reserve an inn.

I saw snow for the first time in Levianta to the north. I
was taught how to use a sword for self-defense by mercenaries in Beelzenia to
the east. Although, I had no knack for it at all, so I hadn’t picked up a sword
since then. Personally I thought that I was far more suited to wielding a pen
than a sword after all.

And then the place that I went next was here, in
Lucifenia.

Up until five years ago, Lucifenia had been one fully
fledged country called the “Kingdom of Lucifenia”. But due to the
revolution brought about by the people who were sick of the tyranny of the
princess at the time, Riliane Lucifen d'Autriche, the Lucifen dynasty was
destroyed.

Without a leader, Lucifenia ended up being under the
proxy rule of the country of Marlon in the west. That had been internationally
recognized as a temporary matter to the last, but four years ago the king of
Marlon, Kyle Marlon, had forced Lucifena to be annexed as Marlon’s territory.

There came criticism towards this from both inside and
outside the country, but the Marlon royal family ignored it, and furthermore ended
up waging war against the neighboring countries using Lucifenia as its starting
point.

And in that way, with barely a break, the state of
affairs once again descended into instability.

Frankly, I’d have to say that stepping foot in Lucifenia
in the middle of all that had been terrible.

The soldiers of this country didn’t look kindly on a
foreigner who wouldn’t reveal her social status, and I often had my movements
restricted. That wasn’t even the worst of it–One time I was even falsely
suspected of something and imprisoned.

At that point, in the end I’d been able to escape
hardship by using my last resort. To make a long explanation short, my father
was a wealthy merchant who was well known in all of Evillious, and he had a lot
of acquaintances among Lucifenia’s elite. Or to sum up, I used my connections.

In any case, fed up with all the complications, I decided
to quickly get out of the country; thus I ended up coming to this town that was
along the border with the eastern Beelzenian Empire.

Truthfully I would
have liked to stay here and see more of the places related to the “Three
Heroes” and “Daughter of Evil”.

It was regrettable but there was nothing to be done about
it. I’d resolved that I would come back to this country again someday after the
situation had calmed down.

After walking on a short while, finally I came to see a
large iron door before me, and an earth colored fortification wall that towered
over it.

Once I’d passed through this Retasan Fortress gate, I would
be able to head to the Empire of Beelzenia beyond it.
