♣ Yukina ~In the Former Lucifenia Territory, “Town of Retasan/The Half Moon

That morning I wasn’t woken by the shrill cry of a white Rollam
bird, nor the alarm bell of the fortress soldiers on watch, but by Lily calling
to me from outside the Half Moon Pavilion.

She came into the inn before I could reply; I heard the
sound of what must be her noisily stomping up the stairs, and then she vigorously
threw open the door.

“What’s wrong? You’re here so early.”

“You up, Yukina? Let’s go. We’ve preparations to
make.”

Being spoken to so brusquely by her, while she wore a
military uniform, made me feel like I was some prisoner or criminal being taken
somewhere. Or maybe that was just because of the walls that encompassed the
town in a star pattern. Lily had said earlier that it was like a prison.

Anyhow, I certainly couldn’t ignore an order from Lily,
the commander of the whole Retasan Fortress army. Despite not knowing the reason
why, I quickly got out of bed, hurriedly got dressed, and did up my hair.

“Where’s your suitcase? I’ll help carry it,”
Lily asked, either out of simple kindness or irritation with how sluggish I was
upon just waking up.

“Huh? Am I going to be using my suitcase, Miss
Lily?”

“Of course. You’re leaving the country today.”

At last I finally understood what it was she was getting
at.

It had been twenty six days since I’d arrived at this
town that was close to the border.

I had finally been given permission to enter the Empire
of Beelzenia.

“Once they got your name it seems they immediately
gave you the OK. The Freezis family’s reputation is pretty impressive. Or else
you’ve got a friend over there… Anyway, thank goodness for that, huh?”

Lily explained to me the circumstances as we were walking
on the road to the fortress gate, after I’d checked out of the inn.

She had always been a fast walker, but it seemed she was
especially quick today. I desperately struggled to keep up with her while
carrying along my suitcase.
