“It’s finally the day, huh. The verdict is coming down,” Feng said to Bruno as he skillfully sipped some tea using his front paws.

“…That’s true.”

“It’s been seventeen years since Loki’s trial. Once more we find ourselves damaging the Freezises.”

“…That’s true.”

“All that aside, what a development, you assuming the position of PN’s leader as Shiro’s proxy. You might have gotten a direct nomination from the director, but that’s still pretty fortunate for you.”

“…That’s true.”

“Well, Shiro’s probably pretty busy with her military work—exterminating the dead soldiers, and all that. So it’s understandable she can’t keep up over here.”

“…That’s true.”

“…I’m sorry. It seems like I’m boring you,” Feng said, growing despondent.

“Huh? …Oh, no, I’m the one who’s sorry. I was a little lost in thought.”

“You’ve been drifting off like that a lot lately. I think I have a pretty good guess as to what you’re worrying about–But I think there’s really nothing more you can do than to wait for the matter with Gallerian to resolve with time.”

“And—hopefully he’ll go back to normal.”

“Yeah, there’s nothing to worry about, is there? He’s always put-together in his work as director. The only thing that’s off about him is when it comes to Michelle—His heart just can’t accept his daughter’s death.”

“…”

“By the way, you alright with not going to see the trial?”

“Hel is in the visitor’s gallery. I’ll just ask the verdict from her later.”

“I see…You want some tea?”

“…Thank you.”

The two of them continued to drink tea for a while in silence.

.

After some time had passed, they heard a great commotion coming from the large courtroom.

“Sounds like the verdict’s been handed down.”

“I guess so. I wonder what sort of guilty charge our director’s passed along—”

The sound of loud footsteps drew nearer.

Finally, the door to the drawing room was thrown open.

“—What’s the meaning of this!?”

It was Hel.

“No…That’s my line, Hel. What is it, what’s got you running in here—”
“Bruno—maybe it’s just as you said. He’s…lost his head after all.”

“Who do you mean?”

“Gallerian. He’s—passed down an innocent verdict to Bindi, of all people!”

.

A little while later, in the Dark Star Bureau director’s room.

“Gracious me…What a pronouncement. You have my gratitude, Gallerian. Thanks to you I’ve narrowly cheated death.”

The man who was speaking to Gallerian, giving him a firm handshake, was the defendant from before, Bindi.

“Oh no, you don’t need to thank me. I was just doing what came naturally to me.”

“I understand. It would be a great loss for the USE for such an exceptional man as myself to be given a guilty verdict in trial. You did the right thing. You should be proud.”

“…Well, best of luck with your work after this.”

“I did have a grudge against you due to what happened with Loki—but this makes us even. I hope for your cooperation with the Freezises from here on out.”

“Certainly, that’s a given…Of course, that’s once I receive my due.”

Gallerian grinned.

“I understand. The money will be deposited into the bank today—double the agreed-upon amount.”

“My my…How generous of you.”

“In exchange, there is one other thing I would like for you to do for me.”
“…As long as it’s within my power to do.”

Then Bindi abruptly drew away from Gallerian and made a show of gazing out the window.

“This is…simply me talking to myself. It’s about—the ‘Zeus’ members in prison. If they were all to just poof out of existence one day, out of the blue…Well, there would be nothing that could make me happier.”

“I see…You’d like me to make it so you have nothing to worry about in the future.”

“There’s a chance that they’ll say something excessive at a later trial…Although, of course, you have acknowledged that all of the testimony they gave at this trial was utter nonsense.”

Gallerian grew quiet for a few moments, but then eventually he declared, “—Well then, I’ll speak to myself too. I have heard that a tremendously violent, wicked murderer is incarcerated in that prison. If he were to escape from his cell and start murdering the other inmates…Well, that would be quite a dreadful thing to happen.”

“…That sounds frightening. Very frightening indeed. I pray that something like that doesn’t happen. But…if it were to actually occur, well—that would just be the kind of world we live in.”

Both of them simultaneously gave a mean smirk.

.

One week later. An incident occurred at the prison.

Prisoner Jorm Zusco snuck out of his cell and murdered twenty members of “Zeus” who had been staying in the prison’s first detention block.

Jorm then proceeded to escape from prison, vanishing to parts unknown.
.

Meanwhile, certain rumors had begun to surface amongst the public.

That Gusuma Yarera was enraged with Gallerian–and had secretly put out a bounty on his head.
