Bindi came to visit Gallerian as he was finishing up some documents in the director’s room.

“Hey hey. Thanks for your help earlier.”

He looked to be in good spirits.

“You seem to be doing well, Minister of Finance Freezis.”

“Thanks to you.”

“What business do you have here today? I would think there’s no more need for you to deliberately set foot in the Dark Star Bureau yourself.”

“Oh yes, I’m fine. But my friend is in a little bit of trouble. –Jason Jack. Do you know that name?”

“…I know it very well. He was originally a professor at Levin University. I had a class with him back when I was a student. I heard that he was arrested a week ago on suspicion of murder.”

“The World Police hasn’t been so accommodating lately. The detective in charge of the case apparently had no idea that Jason was a friend of mine. But…I know better than anyone that he’s not the sort of man who would stab a prostitute to death.” Bindi sighed, making a sad face. “There’s nothing in the world I would like more than to see him declared innocent at trial…And I’m certain Jason would be grateful to you as well.”

“Is that right.”

“This completely unrelated, but from the looks of things you’re saving up quite the bundle, aren’t you? Your account in the Freezis bank has a rather enormous amount in it.”

“…Well, I’ll make doubly sure to have Jason tell me his side of the story this time.”

Upon hearing that, Bindi’s smile lit up his whole face.

“I see. Well then, I leave this in your hands, sir Director.”

After watching Bindi off, his smile unbroken, from the mountain of documents on his desk Gallerian drew out the one that pertained to Jason’s case.

“…” He scanned his eyes over it, reading the contents aloud. “…The victim is Medea Col. Occupation, prostitution. She was found stabbed to death in her home…The murder weapon is assumed to be a Jakokuan katana that was hanging up as decoration…Jason was under suspicion as having visited her as a client just before…I see. Well, if they didn’t catch him red-handed, then I’m sure—”

There, Gallerian once more pulled the documents close to his face, seeming to realize something.

“The weapon was a Jakokuan katana—perhaps I can use this.”

Gallerian stood, and then moved to leave the director’s room.

But just as he got to the door, he ran into Bruno.

“Director. Are you heading out?”
“—No. I was actually going to see you. You have good timing.”

“You have some business with me?”

“Mhm. Here.” Gallerian showed Bruno the documents on Jason’s case. “I was thinking of ordering PN to reopen this case.”

.

Two weeks later.

In the meeting room, Hel’s irritation had reached its peak.

“…This doesn’t make any sense.”

Feng looked up at her face with a carefree air. “It’s not good for your looks to get so worked up.”

“Don’t you think this is strange!? For this—for this to have gone so smoothly.”

“That’s true. Thanks to our investigation we were able to arrest the real murderer.”

“And with only a tiny bit of searching we were not only able to find a new weapon, but determine that it was indeed the one used in the murder. Doesn’t that sound a bit convenient?”

“Perhaps the World Police’s investigation was just that sloppy.”

But Hel didn’t look convinced.

“—It’s been verified that Jason who was initially thought to be the culprit had an alibi, and has conversely been made clear that the owner of the ‘Venom Sword’, Nyoze Octo, was nearby when the crime took place. …If we’re to take all of this as the truth, then the World Police should be disqualified as a police organization. Nyoze has no involvement with the Freezises. It’s hard to imagine the World Police intentionally hid the truth to cover up for him.”
“But it was none other than us here in PN who found the evidence that Nyoze was the real killer. You intend to deny that?”

“…That’s why I’m saying it doesn’t make sense.”

Feng suddenly stood up on his hind legs.

It was generally hard to notice, but when he stood up like that, his body was close to three meters tall. Hel pulled back from him on instinct.

But he gently put his paws on Hel’s shoulders.

“You’re heavy, Feng.”

“—Hel. It seems to me that ever since Bindi’s trial, you’ve been carrying a lot of resentment. How about we share a drink this time, for a change? I’ll listen to your complaints.”

“…Are you making a pass at me?”

“Sorry, but I’ve got no interest in putting a hand on someone else’s wife.”

“My husband and I split up two years ago. Didn’t you know? I’ve been getting stressed because I have to raise my daughter all on my own. And it’s not like I can quit my job.”

“What? You’re thinking of quitting?”
“When I see what Gallerian’s become, yeah. I never thought he’d be the sort of man who would distort the truth for his own greed.”

“—Hm.”

On hearing Feng give a snort, Hel once more raised her voice.

“What’s so funny!?”

“It’s a bit late for that. After all—what was it that we did back in Loki’s trial?”

“We bribed the head judge with money—B-but that was different! Back then we did it for a just cause—”

“And maybe Gallerian has his own just cause now. Though I don’t know what that might be. –We’ve known him for a long time. We should try to believe in him, shouldn’t we?”

“…”

“However—” Feng took his paws off of Hel’s shoulders and let them drop back to the floor. “—If he really has fallen to evil…The moment that becomes clear, I—will be exactly like the tiger I appear to be. I’ll tear his throat out like a beast.”

“Feng…”

“I pray that doesn’t happen. …Come on, let’s get going. We have to get our evidence to storage.”

The two of them left the room, while bathed in the rays of twilight streaming in from the window.

.

–After that, USE allied forces second lieutenant Nyoze Octo was indicted as the culprit of the prostitute murder case, and was sentenced to fifteen years hard labor by the head judge Gallerian.
The Jakokuan sword that was treated as the murder weapon, the “Venom Sword”, was stored in the Dark Star Bureau, but like the Marlon Spoon it wound up being passed to Gallerian’s hands through forging documents and bribing all involved.

.

Naturally, it would have been difficult for Gallerian to fabricate this hoax that Nyoze was the criminal by himself.

Gallerian accomplishing this was largely due to having help from a collaborator.

–Who was that collaborator, you ask?

Why, that needs no real thought.

.

It was the proxy commander of PN, Bruno.
