I didn’t know all that much about Mayrana Blossom’s origins.

Apparently she used to live in the Beelzenian Empire, but was discovered by Santa Claus there for her magical ability and became her apprentice.

According to Santa Claus, people who held a sorcerer’s ready wit like Mayrana were truly rare. The reason being that in the ancient past, families who had magical abilities all gathered in the Magic Kingdom Levianta, without exception. But due to the “Leviantan Catastrophe”, said families have all but died out.

When I had first met Mayrana, she already bore the name of “Fourth, Shadow”. In spite of the fact that she and Santa Claus were the only members of Pere Noel, which that concerned, for some reason she had picked the denomination “Fourth, Shadow”. It was probably derived from the fact that the ancient witch she admired, “Meta Salmhofer”, was ranked fourth in the organization she belonged to, “Apocalypse”.

Though I’d volunteered my aspiration to become an apprentice to both Santa Claus and Mayrana, in the end I turned out to not have the the capacity to be a sorceress. Even now I’m unable to forget that scornful look Mayrana gave me that time I was temporarily excommunicated by Santa Claus.

So when Mayrana arrived in my shop hoping to use my power, I greeted her while holding a certain sense of superiority in my tone.

“So even my senior Mayrana doesn’t know the magical ability to change her own face, hm?”

Mayrana’s mood seemed to have gone sour, in contrast to my eyes being full of mirth.

“This power that you have, that’s not really yours now is it? You must never, ever forget that yours is a power you have borrowed from the ‘Demon of Lust’–from my Lady. After all, you are being kept around out of nothing more than my Lady’s pity.“

Her tone was quiet and polite, but I knew that her anger and envy were somewhat loaded into it.

Santa Claus had not given Mayrana a “Vessel of Deadly Sin”. Because she’d concluded that there was no need to give even more power to her as she was already a capable sorceress.

But it seemed as though Mayrana had been dissatisfied with that.

As though thinking, Why give one to that talentless hack and not me?

Mayrana adored Santa Claus. To the point where it appeared abnormal, if you asked me. She wore the same clothes as her, liked putting on the same makeup as her, and would eat the same things as her. By doing these things Mayrana might have been showing her loyalty, but appeared as though lately Santa Claus had started to feel that Mayrana was a somewhat disagreeable, excessively doing everything identically to her as she was. Under the pretext of duty, she’d driven Mayrana off to the far-removed land of Merrigod.

And now such a woman told me that she wanted to change her face.

I already knew who she wanted to make her face like, without even asking.

“I want you to make my face the same as my lady’s. Identical, from the length of her nose to the number of her wrinkles. As a reward I’ll pay you twice the normal amount.”

That money was probably also serving as hush money so I didn’t tell Santa Claus.

That didn’t mean anything. She would know the second they met in person again, sometime in the future.

Mayrana probably wasn’t concerned about that. She knew that if her face was changed once, she wouldn’t be able to change it back again. The main point was that I should tattle about Mayrana changing her face.

“Well then, this way…” I nodded, and guided her towards the interior of the shop.

“Quickly, please.”

Mayrana laid down on the bed before I could give her instructions.

“I understand.”

I called the “Demon of Lust” from the Venom Sword.

When it was all over, Mayrana checked her own face with the mirror.

I watched her cheeks quickly flush. In that moment a faint smile likely rose on my features.

“…What the hell is this?”

Mayrana turned around and scowled at me.

“You resemble her quite well, don’t you? Your lady.”

“But I’m sure I told you to make me the same as her! We do look quite alike–but I’m still a little different. The size of my eyes! The thickness of my lips!…The way I am now, you couldn’t say we’re the same, could you!?”

“Oh dear, I’m very sorry, Senior. Anyway it’s just that I’m an inexperienced, poor student. It seems like I was unsuccessful in making it flawless.“

Of course, that was a lie. As long as I held the demon’s power, something like making a face the same as any particular person’s was simplicity itself.

I just hadn’t bothered to.

“Do it over again, one more time!”

“Oh dear, I’m sorry about that, Senior. I can only change one face per person. Of course, if you were to say that you would be fine with being possessed by the demon, this would be a different conversation.”

“Gah…”

While watching Mayrana tremble with rage, I murmured “serves you right” inside my head.

.

It appears as though “Fourth, Shadow”, aka Mayrana, has currently settled into being the mayor of Calgaround on Merrigod Plateau. Among other things she’s even going by the same name as Santa Claus.

Her "desire to be identical” illness would likely never be cured until she died.

I heard a rumor that lately she’s been in contact with the so-called “Sleep Princess”. Her aim is obvious. Mayrana still wanted to have a “Vessel of Deadly Sin” herself. In other words, it was in the spirit of opposing me.

Although…could you really call that a “Vessel of Deadly Sin”?

It seemed as though no clients would be coming today either. I stood, intending to prepare for closing up shop.

But right then, I could hear the sound of someone knocking on the door.

Is it a customer? How tiresome. If it is, they should have come in on their own.

I reluctantly walked up to the entrance and opened the door.

“Oh…

Standing there was one of my colleagues, called “Sixth, Venom”.

Gatt Coulomb
