“It…doesn’t seem likely that you want to change your face.”

I let Gatt into the shop, and put some kindling in the extinguished fireplace.

There were a number of small white dots on his shoulders. They immediately melted away with the heat from the fireplace.

Apparently it was snowing outside. It was no wonder that tonight felt so cold.

“After all, there’s no need to change your beautiful features at this point, right?”

I wasn’t just being flattering, he truly did have a beautiful face. It almost made it feel like a waste for him to be forced into the likes of a boorish commissioned officer.

“Then what’s your business here today? Though I was actually thinking of closing up the shop already.”

“Hmph, the matter I have come for…”

Gatt seemed to pause there in hesitation, and then said, appearing to have steadied his resolve:　

"I have been dispatched to retrieve the Venom Sword.”

I didn’t ask who had sent him. There was no one else who knew that it was in my possession, and was able to entrust Gatt with its retrieval—no one but Santa Claus.

Moreover, her sending Gatt here to me…that meant that now that “Fifth, Pierrot” was dead, Gatt had alone been contracted to take on the responsibility of assassinating all important persons related to Pere Noel.

In other words–

“She’s finished with me……That’s what you’re saying.”

“…I do portend of activities picking up in the near future.”

“The presidential election, yeah? She wants to have her affairs in order before then. That’s the gist of it, right? Most importantly, she wants to cut off any loose ends that might cause her trouble later.”　

“Who can say? It is beyond myself to know the workings of her mind.”

I had a premonition. Even a sham fortuneteller like me could make a guess on what was going to happen. I only ever had power due to a contract with a "Demon of Deadly Sin”. And there was no real need for the person wielding it to be me.

If she was inclined to, she could find any number of replacements for me.

And so it was clear that today, that time had finally come.

“So why are you telling me about this? Why expressly tell the person you intend to kill later that—“

“…You can thus determine my intent.”

Surely–he was trying to tell me to escape.

He was a deeply sweet man. But that was what made him frightening. How could he stay so pure, having cruelly murdered people?

Naturally, he had obtained from Santa Claus some means to kill me with. When I looked him over I saw a golden dagger hanging exposed on Gatt’s waist belt.

I see, that’s the one from before…She’s already obtained it, hm?

In that case I had no chance to win this. My opponent was a highly skilled swordsman, and here I was just a lowly fortuneteller.

I could use the power of the demon…But then, he could do the same.

He would probably–

“On the morrow, I shall once again come to this place. Until then…Decide on your answer,” he said, quickly leaving from the shop.

Without a word of goodbye.

Well then…

I didn’t need to wait for tomorrow morning. I’d already decided on my answer.

I took up the Venom Sword, which I had left further on in the shop, and nimbly finished getting dressed.

I didn’t have very many things I needed to take with me. I could just get them again when necessary.

That would be an easy matter, as long as I had the power of a demon.

Santa Claus would likely send people after me, but even then as long as I had the Venom Sword it wouldn’t be that difficult to get away from them.

Because I “could change faces”.

.

Snow had started falling regularly outside.

At this rate it would be completely piled up tomorrow morning.

The nativity festival would be held at the end of the year, and Santa Claus would hand out presents to all the children–

But I wouldn’t be seeing the fallen snow in the town of Rollam, nor would I witness the nativity festival in person.

.

“Happy New Year,” I murmured.

.

I was speaking to myself. I wasn’t directing it at anyone.

But at those words, I finally came to bid farewell to myself as “Seventh, Magician”.

.

-End-
