A young man by the name of Kiji Yarera was living here in Enbizaka.

There were several other firms who had built trading houses at the top of the hill and set up shop there like the Freezis Foundation Firm. The Yarera Zusco Firm was one of them, and Kiji was both an employee and the son of the chairman of the Yarera Zusco Firm.

He was a pureblooded, green haired foreigner, a lady-killer dressed in a white business suit that looked very good on him.

Kiji came to Onigashima about three years earlier.

According to the gossip going around among the people who live in Enbizaka, up until that point he had been working at the Yarera Zusco Firm’s main headquarters in the country of Elphegort. However, he was apparently dispatched to Jakoku to let him study business, as he was likely to inherit the full authority of the firm from the chairman.

At the time Enbizaka still hadn’t recovered from the damage sustained in the great fire, and Kiji was doing various works for its revival as an employee of the Yarera Zusco Firm. Naturally, like the Freezis Foundation Firm, this was because they figured it would serve them in their business ventures in the long run.
It was around that time that Kiji met Miku, the eldest daughter of the Miroku family. They were close in age and both had green hair, so they immediately hit it off.

You should know this already, but green hair is a trait chiefly seen in those who come from Elphegort.

There’s no need for me to explain that Kiji was an Elphe, but when it came to Miku’s hair it seemed that it came from the fact that her great-great grandmother on her mother’s side was an Elphe.

Anyway, the two of them eventually fell in love. Kiji was thinking about making Miku his bride someday, but as I’ve mentioned before her father Kai was completely opposed to them dating, let alone getting married.

Even so, the two of them steadily nurtured their love. I find young love to be quite pleasant, so every now and then when I had free time I would observe them. I’ve got some happy stories on that front…but, well, that would be getting off track, so I will refrain from telling them. You don’t look terribly interested anyway.

Kiji made a brief sojourn home to Elphegort for about a month.

–He could not have imagined that during that time Miku would be murdered.
