“Goodness, if it isn’t constable Uibee-san.”

Kai greeted Uibee with a smile as he came to visit the Miroku shop.
But his complexion was poor, and there were faint shadows under his eyes. Given that his wife had been murdered just a few months before, this was understandable.

“I appreciate your efforts with Mei’s case. …So, does you coming here like this mean that you’ve learned something new?”

In contrast to Kai’s expression, wearing a smile characteristic of a merchant, Uibee’s face was very grave. “…Miroku. Ever since your wife passed your daughter would always stand before the shop.”

“Yeah. Originally she wasn’t the sort to help in the family business much, but after what happened with Mei she started working hard in my wife’s place out of consideration for me and her younger sister Rin. Even though she herself must be depressed from her mother’s death. …I’m truly grateful to her.”

“And yet—I don’t see Miku out there today.”

Upon hearing those words, the smile vanished from Kai’s face. “…Yes. She went out to take orders the night before and hasn’t been back since. Well, she’s always been a flighty girl, going out to have fun on a whim, so I figured that she was staying at her man’s house or something—"

“…Haven’t you heard? The foreigner named Kiji that Miku’s been dating has returned to his homeland for the month.”

“Is that right? Then where in the world…”

“On that topic…”
Uibee held out a soaked grey kimono to Kai.

The moment he saw it, his face grew pale.

“It can’t be…that’s…”

“You recognize it?”

“…That’s Miku’s…It was a present for her sixteenth birthday. …Miku went out wearing this kimono last night…”

“…A girl’s corpse washed up on the river this morning. This is…the kimono that corpse was wearing.”

Kai collapsed on the spot.
