Several more days passed after that.

Kayo had gone to visit Oyuka’s hairpin shop.

“—You. It’s none of my business whether you skip work or not, but can’t ya stop comin’ over here?”

Oyuka was lecturing someone.

“Why ya bein’ so cold? Can’t your childhood friend come visit like this? Shouldn’t you be a bit more welcoming?”

It was detective Eikichi.

Kayo instinctually hid herself and peered into the hairpin shop.

“You’re bad for business. Besides, you just want a convenient place to hide, don’t you?”
“Heh heh, you got me there. The other detectives and constables’ll never think to find a man like me in a hairpin shop of all places.”

“Good grief…You really are pathetic.”

“All the same. Not a lot a guy like me can do, you know. All the clues on the slasher have been found already, and on toppa that, lately those foreign mooks from the Yarera Zusco Firm have been prowling ‘round. I can’t help that they’re gettin’ in the way of my work.”

“…Those men from where Kiji-san works, huh? I hear he’s seeking vengeance for his murdered love—that’s pretty admirable, in my opinion.”

“Hmph. I dunno how they do things in his country, but in Jakoku vengeance is forbidden. I’ve told them that a hundred times, but they don’t listen.”

“Then shouldn’t you be working all the more to catch the criminal before they do?”

“I guess you’re right…Maybe I’m just not…that motived to be a detective…”

“Maybe not.”

“You’re supposed to disagree with me…Ah, I wonder if I should just head back home to Momogengou…” There, Eikichi abruptly hit his palm with his fist, as though remembering something. “Ah, speaking of Momogengou…I heard that one group has come here to Enbizaka.”

“What group?”

“Look, don’t you remember? That weird ankle-biter at Kurookina’s place.”
“Oh yeah, I do. That blonde kid supposedly born from an ebony tree.”

“Yeah yeah, Kokutan-douji. He and that boy Inukichi have been traveling places together, punishing evil-doers and calling it ‘demon slaying’.”

“My my…”

“…? What is it? You don’t seem surprised.”

“Oh no, I guess I just don’t find it that odd given that it’s Kokutan-douji we’re talking about. Inukichi’s pretty strong too—at least, in physical strength.”

“Rumor has it that the head of the Rangu family is with them.”

“Oh, that young lady with the curly hair wearing a monkey mask?”

“Yeah. All their reformations have made ‘em kinda celebrities now. And now Kokutan-douji has finally headed this way, apparently.”

“What for?”

“To see fellows from his hometown, of course!—Kidding. We weren’t that close with him, after all. They probably heard about the killings going on in Enbizaka and came here to solve them, don’t ya think?”

“—In that case, you certainly have no time to dawdle, isn’t that right? If you waste your time here, Kokutan-douji will steal your thunder right out from under you!”

“…I mean, I guess so…”
“Oh, you slovenly oaf! …Hey, dear, come out here and say something!”

Oyuka went to go summon her husband who was farther inside the shop.

Eikichi showed no sign of leaving anytime soon.

Kayo turned around and headed back to her own tailor shop.
