Once upon a time, in a land far away, there lived an old man and an old woman.

The old man’s name was Kurookina, and the old woman’s name was Kinouna.

One day, Kurookina went up to the mountain to do some pruning and spied a magnificent ebony tree up there.

What was more, part of its trunk was emitting a faint glow.

Loving both black things and things of monetary value, Kurookina decided to cut out that part of the trunk and take it home.

“Oh my, isn’t this a sight?” Kinouna said as she saw the trunk piece.

“It is, isn’t it? We might be able to make some money with this trunk.”

“You old goat, you’re always like this. Didn’t you just get scolded by the daimyo when he saw that you’d spread ashes around that old withered tree to make it bloom flowers? And there was that other time before that when you were nearly killed by the bugs inside that large wicker hamper that you took from the sparrow inn? Enough of these things already. Go put that back where you found it,” Kinouna said.

Right at the moment she took the trunk from him and held it up—

“Waah, waah.”

The trunk piece split, and wouldn’t you know it, a baby boy popped out from inside.

“Good gracious. A baby’s come out of the ebony tree. How ominous.”

Kurookina was afraid, and told Kinouna to get rid of the baby.

“You old goat, you’re always like this. Anytime something a little unexpected happens you immediately try to run away from it. Look closely at this child. Isn’t he so very precious with his golden hair?”

Loving both golden-colored things and things of monetary value, Kinouna refused, and in the end the baby was raised by the two of them.

As he was born from an ebony tree, they named him “Kokutan-douji”.

Kokutan-douji grew up rapidly.

But the villagers were uncomfortable with his blond hair and blue eyes.

His sole playmate was Inukichi. He alone got along with Douji, without ever looking at him as though he were odd.

The two of them eventually became close friends.

.

As he grew up, Kokutan-Douji would brood more and more.

“I feel like there’s something I ought to be doing.”

He couldn’t help but think that way.

At some point, pondering things at the coast nearby the village became a daily routine of Douji’s.

One day, a mermaid suddenly appeared before him there.

“Woah!”

Douji was so surprised that he fell backwards.

“I’m sorry for surprising you. But you see, I came here because I have something to tell you,” the mermaid said first. And then she told Douji this: “You have been anxiously mulling over your purpose in life, haven’t you?”

“Yes. I can’t help but feel like there was some reason why I was born.”

“You must meet your mother.”

“I have a mother; Kinouna. She’s always just counting our money, but in various ways she has cherished me and raised me well.”

“But that is not your true mother. Your mother is on an island called Onigashima. She has pink hair, and she runs a tailor shop there.”

“If that’s true, then why has my mother not come to collect me?”

“Because she doesn’t know that you’re here. So you must go to see her. And tell her your name. Once you do that, she will accept that you are her son.”

“My name? I should introduce myself as Kokutan-douji?”

“No…Your true name…is…Ren…Phew, it’s exhausting being on land this long. …I will now…head home.”

So saying, the mermaid returned to the ocean.

Upon returning to the village, Kokutan-douji told Inukichi what had happened.

He believed Douji’s story, and the two of them set off for Onigashima together.

.

Right after they had left the village, Kokutan-douji and Inukichi were stopped by a lone woman.

“I hear you two are going to Onigashima. In that case, let me come along…yannow.”

This peculiar woman wearing a monkey mask went by the name of Saruteito XVI.

She knew that the legendary blades made by the founder of her clan were in Onigashima, and wanted to go get them.

.

Adding Saruteito to their traveling crew, the three of them headed for Onigashima.

And through the journey, they wound up getting caught up in various cases.

They continued traveling while doing things like turning the tables on attacking bandits, punishing a wicked magistrate who would line his pockets along with Echigoya meeting a retired crepe merchant who was traveling with unusually strong companions, eliminating evildoers alongside a reckless and skilled playboy who had a tattoo on his back, and so on.

.

And so, eventually, the three of them crossed the sea and arrived in Onigashima.

.

–From “Magical Travels of the East, Volume 5”–
