…But it was also just the way humans were that if you said you wouldn’t tell them, they would want to know even more.

The most important thing in this country was magical ability; second to that was wealth.

Naturally, there were unselfish people who didn’t strive for money. But at the very least that wasn’t so for the priest that Ly had gotten involved in this.

In exchange for a little bribe, he had secretly brought her a transcript of the measurement results.

Nobody was hurt by this. After all, Ly thought to herself, the queen’s mystique was little more than a method to maintain national prestige.

So this wasn’t a bad deed…As she continued to tell herself that, Ly passed her eyes over the measurement results alone in her room.

The numbers written there were exactly as she had imagined.

–As she’d thought, her magical ability was the lowest out of all four there.

It would be a lie to say that it didn’t give her some shock.

For thrust before her now was the truth that Ly was inferior to those that she had scorned.

She didn’t have what it took to become queen. …Her father Irta had to have known that as well.

That was why he’d committed fraud.

…Ly had never taken the “queen trial”.

She had only made it look like she had. After resting a little in the courtyard without entering the temple, she’d returned to the great hall where her father, acting as trial witness, was waiting.

She had done this at his instruction. Ordinarily Ly would have undoubtedly opposed him, but at the time she had obediently followed his orders.

For she had known that waiting for those who failed the trial…was death.

She’d been scared.

Afraid of failure.

Ly herself knew better than anyone that her magical ability was weaker than others.

Magical ability, magical ability, magical ability…Enough already!

Ly had been tormented by that since she was a child.

Her siblings had all jeered her as a “dropout”. Her parents had never said anything, but she was positive that they must have privately thought so too.

Even if honed her skill in swordsmanship, woman though she was, it never meant anything.

She needed to change.

This country. And herself, too.

There was a foundation for achieving that. Nyoze’s older brother, Gammon. Though he was magically impotent, he had managed to climb to the position of senate head.

She’d known Gammon for a long time, though they weren’t particularly close. Even so, to Ly Gammon was, in a sense, a figure of some adoration for her.

A man whose sword technique was said to be the best in the country, who had used that to overcome his own complexes.

If she worked with him, maybe she could do it.

They could change this country to one that didn’t rely on magical power.

It was positively ridiculous to have everything be decided by an inborn talent.

But…how should I go about doing that?

To change this measurement result that had been thrust before her, she needed…

Bribes? Or maybe threats?

Both would be difficult. All others aside, she couldn’t picture Nyoze yielding to such things.

He wasn’t an earnest man, nor was he brave; yet in his heart of hearts, he had a resolute sense of justice.

Should I ask my father for help?

No…She couldn’t be sure that would work either. Her father hadn’t been able to predict there being four queen candidates to begin with. His plan had already failed at being unable to smoothly make Ly the queen after the trial was over.

If he’d had any further tricks to pull, he would probably be carrying them out already. But as far as Ly knew there weren’t any signs of that happening.

Yes…there being queen candidates other than me…it all went wrong thanks to that.

If only they weren’t in the way—

…What am I thinking of?

She mustn’t let herself fall to malice.

Ly’s eyes passed over her two swords, set against the wall of her room.

These twin swords were an heirloom of the Li family. As there was no one else among her siblings who had a taste for swordplay, they had been entrusted to Ly on the day she came of age.

Justice…I am trying to change this country for my own justice.

Ly approached the twin swords and gripped their hilts.

The only thing she had ever cut with these blades were wooden training dummies. Naturally she’d never killed a human being—nor even a rabbit or a deer.

My beliefs are not the sort that can be accomplished through a sea of blood.

Ly took her hands away from the swords, and once more left them against the wall.

…But Gammon did carry that out. He started a revolt against his own father, and in the end he gained everything.

It was simple enough to hold up an ideal.

But in reality it didn’t always go that way.

…

Ly left her room.

And then she knocked twice on the door to the room adjoining hers.

“Yeees, who is it?” she heard from inside.

Then the door opened.

The other girl saw Ly’s face, and looked surprised.

“Well well, this is a rare sight—”

“Milky. Can we meet somewhere tonight? I have something a bit complicated I’d like to discuss.”
