“—Looks like we managed to give them the slip,” Riliane sighed in relief, clinging to the nun’s back.

Then she gently patted the white horse’s back.
“You did a great job, Josephine. And—” She tightened her grip with the arm she was using to hold onto the nun. “—Thank you for coming to save me, Clarith.”

“Oh no, it’s no big deal, Rin.”

Sister Clarith.

She was the one who had once saved a wandering Riliane after she’d lost her seat on the throne.

Josephine kept running even after they’d left the palace.

“Where are we going?” Riliane asked Clarith.

“…To the great land god, Michaela.”

“Huh!? –But the Millennium Tree Forest is in the opposite direction.”

“Michaela’s not there right now. It’s become too dangerous.”

“Dangerous?”

“The soldiers who attacked you—the theater that serves as their base of operations is in the forest.”

“…’Evils Theater’, huh?”

“–!? You know of it?”

“I’ve—lived there once before.”
Clarith pulled on the reins, and Josephine started to drop her speed—Eventually, she came to a stop. “…How about we rest here for a minute? It doesn’t seem like anyone’s chasing us.”

The two of them got down from the horse together.

Clarith joined her hands together and seemed to think on something. When she did, two lovely, pure white chairs and a table appeared there.

They sat in the chairs and faced each other.

“Seems like a lot’s happened for you…Rin.”

“I think close to five hundred years have passed since back then. How much do you know, Clarith?”

“Frankly, not much. I just came to get you under Michaela’s orders.”

“I got worried when you didn’t show up at my banquet.”

“Ah, well…I’m not so great at being around lots of people.”

It was a trifling conversation.

The kind they’d had many times, once.

The only difference between then and now—was that instead of inside a monastery, they were in the middle of a barren field.

“Do you think everyone’s…alright?”

Riliane thought back to the people she had left behind still sleeping in the palace.

If what Tony said was true, then his soldiers had been after Riliane. But that didn’t guarantee that they wouldn’t cause harm to the sleeping guests.

“Clarith—you said that we were going to Michaela, right?”

“Yeah.”

“Why?”

“…Let me explain from the beginning. Right now, military units of Tasan Elphegort much like we just saw are heading to every land from the theater.”

“But I thought the theater was blown to smithereens by that explosion.”

“—The explosion caused by the weapon of mass destruction ‘Punishment’, yes. That is what happened, but after the world’s destruction it was restored. Though I don’t know why—”

“…I think I have an idea.” After a few seconds, Riliane then uttered a certain name. “—‘Ma’. The woman who was a screenwriter, sorceress, and Gallerian’s lover. Gallerian was the one who supplied the funds when the theater was built…but Ma was the one who saw to the actual construction. She must have had some scheme in mind.”

“…There are other items that were restored after ‘Punishment’’s devastation.”

Clarith took out a hand mirror from her pocket.

That was—a very familiar item to Riliane.

“The ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’. I borrowed this from Michaela. She was able to seize an opportunity to recover them while the theater was temporarily destroyed.

“And the other vessels?”

“They’re all with Michaela. That was one of the reasons why she left the forest. There was a chance that the troops from the theater would come to reclaim them.”

“But it was Gallerian and Ma, who was using him, who were collecting the vessels. They were both dead already before the world ended—You can’t mean that one of them is the mastermind ordering around these Tasan soldiers!?”

“Not even Michaela can see what’s going on inside the theater. So I still don’t know the truth yet.”

“…Ma tried to collect those vessels for a very long time. I’m sure she must have had a fair amount of info on them. It wouldn’t be out of the question for her to have known that the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’ had some restoration ability and to have used it on the theater.”

Clarith’s eyes widened in admiration. “Rin…You seem to have grown so much smarter than you were before.”

“Don’t talk like I used to be an idiot.”

“Haha—How about we get back on topic. At first we didn’t know where the Tasan army was headed specifically, or what their goal was. But one of the demons dwelling in the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’—the demon that took the form of a fish—told Michaela that they were probably going after those who had contracted with demons.”

“Can you trust what a demon tells you?”

“Well…I’m not really sure on that myself. But Michaela and the demon…apparently they’re old acquaintances from long ago.”

“…An acquaintanceship between someone who was a spirit, and a demon, huh.”

Riliane didn’t seem fully satisfied with that answer.

Still, Clarith continued talking. “Regardless of whether or not we believe it, the fact is that you, a contractor yourself, were attacked. It’s unclear what exactly the Tasan army is ultimately trying to do, but at the very least I don’t think Michaela looks kindly on that action. She—”

“Augh, enough! Michaela this, Michaela that! You just love this girl, don’t you Clarith!?”

Riliane stood and fiercely hit the table in front of her.

“Rin—are you jealous?”

“Hmph…I’ve had enough. I’m going back to the palace.”

“–!? You can’t do that! The ‘Sleep Princess’—the one who can control the sleep drug ‘gift’–is among your enemies. It’s too dangerous.”

“But that drug didn’t have any effect on me.”

“Yes…I wonder why that is?”

If Riliane truly was their target, then one would think it would be fastest to put her to sleep.

Tony and the others had been fine as well, so perhaps this ‘gift’ was something that could differentiate between targets. Though even if that were true, she still didn’t know why they would exclude Riliane in that regard.

“Whatever’s the case.” Riliane put her hand on the table and continued, “Now that I know those soldiers are after ‘Deadly Sin contractors’, I can’t sit idly by. My dear Kyle—is inside that palace. I have to go help him!”

“You…know? That he’s also a contractor—”

“He told me himself during the banquet.”

“—I see. But even so, I can’t let you leave.” Clarith also stood, and moved to throw her arms tightly around Riliane. “…I don’t want to lose anyone precious to me again…”

“Clarith…”

The two of them were silent for a moment, not moving from the spot.

–A rat broke the silence.

“Gag! You two are so mushy.”

Riliane and Clarith both turned to the source of the voice in bewilderment.

“A—a winged rat!?”

“Long time no see, Riliane.”

“I don’t have any acquaintances that are rats.”

“Aw…how sad. You and I were once one being, you know.”

“Don’t say something that creepy.” As she spoke, Riliane seemed to finally realize the rat’s identity. “You’re—the ‘Demon of Pride’.”

“Exactly. I was riding along inside the hand mirror that woman was carrying.”

“For what purpose?”

“What a crass remark. You’d think you’d want my assistance, if you intend to battle your enemies. Come! Give over to me! Be grateful! Honor me! Prostrate yourself on the ground!”

“…No need,” Riliane coldly shot back.

“What is this, Riliane!? Don’t you want my enormous power!?”

“…I haven’t forgotten what happened back then!”

“’Back then’? When do you mean?”

“Back in Enbizaka! When I was Miroku Rin—You were of no help to me at all!”

“Oh…Yeah, there was that.” The rat’s face at once changed to an expression of embarrassment.

“I had a horrible time of it!”

“You’re referring to having died.”

“Yes! It was extremely painful!”

“Come on, let’s let the past be water under the bridge—and change the topic. Regarding Kyle Marlon…You don’t need to worry yourself over him.”

“…? Why?”

Riliane regained her composure upon hearing Kyle’s name.

“He and I didn’t have very good ‘compatibility’.”

“…I’d appreciate it if you could explain that in some easier to understand terms.”

“Between demons and their contractors there is a concept called ‘compatibility’. If it’s favorable, then they can utilize our abilities more powerfully—If >auntie Rahab’s theory is correct, then your enemies are most likely targeting the contractors who had the best compatibility with their respective demon.”

“Who is ‘auntie Rahab’?”

“The ‘Demon of Envy’ that that woman over there called a fish.”

“…Demons have proper names too?”

“Yeah.”

“So then, what’s your name?”

“Hm? You curious?”

“Not really.”

“Well, if you’re that obsessed with it then I’ll tell you. My name is—” The rat paused as though to put in a sense of grandeur, and then shouted loudly, “—MARIE!”

“Wow…That’s a girly sounding name.”
“Obviously. I’m a girl.”

“–!?”

Upon seeing the surprised expressions on Riliane and Clarith behind her, Marie fluttered her wings in satisfaction.

“W-well, whatever…Anyway, you think that Kyle is going to be alright, Marie?”

“Probably. Whatever you do, going to Michaela first is best. If you have any plans to beat the ‘Sleep Princess’ then you’ll need the help of the other demons.”

Riliane turned to look at Clarith.

“And where is Michaela now?”

“She’s where the country of Marlon used to be.”

“That’s across the ocean! How are we going to get there?”

“Thanks to the tidal wave that occurred when the world was destroyed, part of the bottom of the Hark Sea has surfaced. Right now the island of Marlon is connected to the mainland, so we can get there on Josephine without trouble.”

“Got it. Well then—Let’s get going.”

Clarith nodded, and climbed up on Josephine’s back.

Riliane got on after her, and Marie settled herself on Clarith’s cleavage.

“…Hey, why there!? You dirty rat!” Riliane shouted at Marie angrily.

“Come on. We’re all girls here, aren’t we? This is the most comfy spot.”

“I don’t really mind,” Clarith said calmly.

Riliane begrudgingly gave up on any further complaints.

With all three of them along, the white horse started to run to the west.

“Hey, Rin. What…do you plan to do? Myself I think you ought to bide your time by Michaela’s side,” Clarith said to Riliane.

“Bide my time?”

“Yeah. You do have people after you; it would be reckless to go to them.”

“And will anything get resolved by just waiting around?”

“…The truth is, there’s something I’ve avoided telling you.”

“…?”

“Allen. Your brother is currently on the ground world.”

“—Yeah, he is. All of the souls are here, so Allen wouldn’t be an exception to that.”

Contrary to Clarith’s expectation, Riliane didn’t seem to be all that surprised at that fact.

“But it seems he’s a little different from the other souls. He was sent to the ground world by the sun god, and he’s trying to accomplish something.”

“…Hmm.”

“Michaela tells me he’s become very dependable. I’m sure that Allen can do something about that theater and the Tasan army units. So—"
“—No,” Riliane muttered in a low voice.

“Huh?”

“I’ve always been waiting. For the last five hundred years, as I’ve been reincarnated down here over and over again. Even now—But I’m fed up with just waiting!”

“Rin…”

“Allen helped me. But even so…No, that’s why I hate always being protected. This time, it’s my turn to help him.”

“He probably wouldn’t want you to do that.”

“I don’t care. I—have to become stronger. The old me was mistaken on how to do that. But now…I will prove by myself that I can do this on my own. And when I do—”

–She would puff up her chest with pride, and go to see Allen.

Clarith could not see how Riliane’s eyes were filled with determination from in front of her.

But she could feel it through her back.

“Alright, Rin. I won’t try to stop you…Come on, let’s hurry!”

As though spurred on by Clarith’s voice, the white horse picked up speed.
