I may be a bat, but my eyes are just fine.

There may be people who believe that “bats have poor eyesight”, but that’s really only the case for those that sleep in dark places like caves.

There are bats where that is not the case.

As far as I could see, Gallerian had grown much taller over the course of two years. Though he may have still been a little short for the age of sixteen, his features had grown more mature, and he was no longer teased as much for being a child.

Today, like other days, he was working at the Dark Star Bureau. Only two years had passed since his entry, but Gallerian was no longer treated like a newcomer. The cause of this was the unprecedented rate at which he had risen in status to a justice magistrate.

Among the judges working at the Dark Star Bureau there were the two varieties of justice magistrate and advisor magistrate, and they each were divided up into their own ranking.

At present Gallerian’s proper title was “Class Seven Justice Magistrate”. It was the lowest rank in his category, but even so it was the kind of position that one would normally have to have served there for over ten years to obtain.

If I were to explain the reason for the speed of advancement that he had accomplished to this point…Well, I suppose it would be adequate to say it’s because he was so exceptional.

Gallerian was favored among his superiors. Particularly the vice-director, number two in the Dark Star Bureau.

The catalyst for this had been a certain trial that the vice-director had run as head judge. In this trial, named “Trial Number YTK468”, a few words from Gallerian in his position as advisor magistrate had ultimately made a large impact on the trial’s verdict. As a result Gallerian had saved the vice-director from making an enormous blunder, and since then had held his highest regard.

–Well, that was Gallerian’s position, and currently he was giving a course for new judges in one of the Dark Star Bureau’s rooms.

“—For this reason there is an extremely close relationship between the code of law and scripture, and those of us who deal in law must never make light of it. However, we also must bear in mind that the Levin Bible is still something that was recorded in ancient times, and has passages that originate from a sense of ethics that is far removed from the modern legislative system. To give a representative example—”

Several judges watched Gallerian speak blandly at the podium with great enthusiasm.

Among them was Mira. Mira Yarera, Loki’s girlfriend. She had started working at the Dark Star Bureau as a judge this year, two years later than Gallerian and Loki.

.

Twenty minutes later the class ended, and the newcomers had left the room. Though Mira hadn’t made a move to get up from her desk.

After watching the other judges leave the room, she started talking to Gallerian.

“You did well, Galley.”

“Oh, thank you. …Hey,” Gallerian started to ask Mira, a slightly put-out expression on his face.

“Whaat?”

“I’m your superior for the time being.”

“Yes, I know.”

“So, while we’re in the Dark Star Bureau could you speak to me with some respect?”

“Of course, when we’re around other people.”

“…So you’re not going to adjust your speech when we’re alone together. Hah…”

Mira gazed at Gallerian with a grin as he sighed.

“You’ve grown up a bit. You got to be my height before I even knew it,” she said, gently putting her hand on Gallerian’s face.

“I’ve still got some growing to do.”

“Really? Then eventually you’re going to be even taller than me, aren’t you? …I certainly can’t call you a kid anymore.”

“I’d be grateful if you didn’t. And you should mind your manners while you’re at it.”

"That again? I don’t need to do that. You and I are–”

At that moment, they heard an angry voice echoing from outside the open door.

“Mira! What are you doing!?”

“…Loki.”

Loki entered the room and barged up to Mira as she remained there, bewildered.

“Newcomers are supposed to straighten up the documents in the reference room at twelve, aren’t they? Stop dawdling around here!”

“…Kaaay.”

“Tch.”
After unabashedly clicking his tongue at her, Loki left the room.

“Humph…Argh, I hate this. He’s so obviously jealous.” Mira started to sulk.

“Jealous? Loki? Of what?”

“He doesn’t care much for me talking to other guys.”

“Hmm. I wouldn’t think that’s a problem. That just means he loves you, right?” Gallerian replied bluntly.

“The other point of view is that he’s being too possessive…”

“Was he always like that?”

“Nah.” Mira shook her head. “It’s only lately. …Well, I guess he’s all worked up because things aren’t going that well.”

“Not going well? With what?”

“Erm…” As Mira seemed to struggle over how to respond, she clapped her hands as though having suddenly recalled something. “That’s right! Will you come have dinner with me tonight? We can talk about all this then.”

“I can’t,” Gallerian instantly answered. “I don’t want to make Loki bear a grudge for me by doing that. And besides, I have a lot of work that I need to do later. I don’t have that kind of time.”

“Oh my, aren’t you busy. But the work you have to do is related to a trial, isn’t it? Isn’t that par for the course?”

“This is different.” Gallerian shook his head. “This trial…isn’t like the others.”

“Is it some special case?”

“There is that, but—The next trial is the first time I’m going to be acting as head judge.”

Upon hearing that, Mira’s eyes widened. “Head judge…Galley, you may be a justice magistrate but you’re still only seventh class, aren’t you? Is it even possible for someone of that rank to be acting as head judge?”

“There’s no issue with it in terms of protocol. It’s just completely unprecedented. Even I don’t really know how this happened. Well, I guess there’s various reasons for it, like the director is absent as he’s attending to national affairs in Marlon, and they’re short-staffed for the number of trials.”

“Even so…That’s amazing! Working as a head judge just two years after joining the bureau!” Mira took Gallerian’s hand in hers, delighted.

“Do your best!”
“R-right…” Gallerian’s face reddened somewhat.

From afar Loki’s angry shouting was audible again.

“Crap…Alright, I gotta get going already. I’ll see you later, Galley.”

Mira went outside, waving as she went.

“Phew…I feel like I ought to be telling you to do your best, Mira.”

Gallerian sighed, putting his hand on the podium.

And then his expression grew stern, and he muttered to himself:

“At last…From here on…I’ll begin everything.”
