“Witch Trials Gets First Innocence Verdict”—those were the words published as the headline of the local Leviantan newspaper, “Java Gazette”.

Hanma was reading this newspaper with narrowed eyes as he sat in his chair in the bureau director’s room.

“I come back from Marlon and find this state of affairs waiting for me. You’ve really done it now…Gallerian,” he said to Gallerian standing across from him. “I expect I don’t need to tell you why I called you down here.”

“You’re gonna—going to–hand me down some sort of punishment…Is that right?”

“Well, yes, I suppose…” Hanma said, before going quiet for a moment in thought.

“…Gallerian. You know why I left the Dark Star Bureau to travel recently, don’t you?”
“Some business in Marlon—I heard you were attending the wedding of the Empress Dowager.”

“Indeed. That was the foremost reason, but the various higher-ups of the USE member nations were gathering at the time, and so there were several informal meetings being held as well. I attended one of them, and there I had a chance to speak with the commander of the World Police.”

“Wow…”

“Bizarre events have continued to plague the world after the death of Elluka Ma Clockworker. In Marlon I hear they are currently dealing with some disruption to their ocean ecosystem. Something about being unable to fish due to the large numbers of Ziz Tiama showing up in the water.”

Ziz Tiama was the name of a kind of octopus.

Hanma continued speaking.

“The World Police are currently looking for someone who was supposedly ‘Elluka’s Apprentice’. Their existence is certain but the details are murky. All that we do know is that this ‘apprentice’ is a man.”

“A man…Does that mean he’s not a ‘witch’?”

“Oh no, he is indeed a witch. All people who can use magic, regardless of gender, are classified as ‘witches’. There was actually a case of a man having been tried for violating the special laws on magic…I’m sure it’s been recorded in a collection of judicial precedents?”

“…That’s right. It completely slipped my mind. I’ll go read it over again later.”

“Keep at your studies. …In any case, the threat that witches pose yet remains. Unfortunately, the situation is such that there isn’t all that much that the Dark Star Bureau can do about that. It is for that very reason, then.”

Hanma readjusted his bearing and focused his gaze directly at Gallerian.

“We must pass down judgment on the witches that the World Police capture. To get rid of our anxieties, if only a little. But this time you shirked that duty. …First I would like to hear your reason why.”

“—As the director, shouldn’t you know the reason why already?” Gallerian declared without a trace of timidity.

Hanma slowly shook his head. “Of course not. I can’t read your thoughts. …But well, I am not without my own speculations. Such as—you negated a witch’s execution out of your own personal feelings, given that you are Elluka’s son.”

“…”

Gallerian was merely silent, neither denying nor agreeing with that statement.

Hanma grinned at seeing that.

“If that was the case, then this matter would be a simple one. However. I have watched you, these two years. I certainly can’t say that you have no reckless emotional ups and downs due to your youth…but I also can’t imagine you are the sort of thoughtless person who would change a verdict simply out of his own personal feelings.”

“…”

“If you gave this verdict with some sort of plan in mind, I would like to hear what it is.”

“…Just as you said, director, we have no countermeasures against ‘witches’,” Gallerian began, appearing to have made his resolve. “That is because we know too little about witches and magic. We have only been able to learn about them from dubious information given to us by history scholars. So the trials that deal with violations of the special law on witchcraft are little more than baseless debates grounded in conjecture, from beginning to end. …I have reasoned that in order to change this state of affairs, we need the assistance of someone who knows more on magic.”

“And you say this person exists?”

“…If you want to know about witches, then who better to ask than a witch herself?”

“—Ha ha, I see…So that’s your game.” Hanma stood from his chair and walked up to Gallerian directly. “So you mean to make Kayo Sudou an ally…But I don’t see that going so smoothly.”

“I have some persuasion on my side. She is a devotee of Elluka, who admired her so much that she changed her face to look like hers.”

“And you are the only son that Elluka left behind. …Heh heh heh…Ha ha ha!”

Hanma suddenly started to laugh loudly.

“What’s so funny?”

“Nothing—Pardon me. No offense intended. …I once knew someone who had tried to gain information by seeking the collaboration of a witch. …I was just suddenly reminded of him.”

“…By that you don’t mean—” Gallerian appeared about to ask something, but then closed his mouth as though thinking better of it. “No…Never mind.”

“—Very well, go ahead with your idea. I will entrust this matter to you. But…bear this in mind. Do not be taken in by the witch. If something like that winds up being the case—then I will have no choice but to pass judgment on you.”
“…Of course.”

“Then fine. Get going—Or, actually, wait just a second.” Hanma appeared about to end the conversation for a moment, but then once more sat down in his chair and looked back at Gallerian. “I have to publicly give you at least some kind of censure. Let me think…How does ‘thirty days suspension’ sound?”

“I’m not in any position to refuse.”

“True. Then enjoy your break. …I won’t be having you under any surveillance during that time, so do whatever you wish.”

“…You have my thanks.”

Gallerian bowed and then left the room.

.

Those who received an innocence verdict at trial were always released the same day. But due to regulations they needed to inform the bureau of where they were going to be staying afterwards.

Gallerian was absorbed in thought alone in the hallway, clutching in hand a piece of paper containing Kayo Sudou’s current whereabouts.

“Pixie…That’s in Levianta’s northernmost region.”

The land of Levianta was vast. On foot it would take several days to reach Pixie from the capital Alicegrad, where the Dark Star Bureau was located.

Even in the event that things went well with that, the route there was a desolate snow field where there was scant civilization. It would be fine if he were able to avoid being there on a day when there was a blizzard, but if he were to be caught up in one there was a huge risk of him being stranded there.

“Even going by carriage, no coach would agree to take me there without significant compensation. …If only I could borrow a gasoline-powered automobile from somewhere—”

A gasoline powered automobile was a motorized, wheeled box that humans had developed recently—I think within the last hundred years or so. It was extremely expensive; Gallerian’s family had one that was fairly worn out, but he didn’t own one himself.

“…What about Loki? He told me that he’d bought a new automobile recently…Maybe I could borrow his.”

By pure coincidence, at that very moment Loki was walking through the hallway from the opposite direction.

“Hey, Loki. I’ve got a favor to—”

“Oh, Gallerian. How did your punishment go?” Loki asked first, cutting off Gallerian’s words.

“Right, that…I got a thirty day suspension.”

“–! A suspension…I see…” Loki’s expression grew quite melancholic.

“Hey hey, don’t you get depressed over it. It’s better than getting sacked.”

“…That’s true…Then, I guess that means you’re off tomorrow.”

“Well, I suppose so.”
“—And hey, I’m going on my vacation after tomorrow…Let’s go ‘hunting’.”

“No, how many times do I have to tell you—”

“There’s a great hunting spot near Pixie. It’s a little far, but with my automobile we can probably get there in half a day.”

“–! Pixie, you say?”

That was the very place where Kayo was thought to be living, where Gallerian had been planning to go.

“Yeah, there’s this forest nearby, and—”

“…Alright, I’ll go.”

“Really!?”

Loki grinned happily.

“Only, there’s this place I’d like to go after we’re done hunting. It’s in the village of Pixie so it shouldn’t take all that long to get there, I would think.”

“That’s fine. I’ll make preparations for everything we’ll need to hunt. And my servant.”

“A servant? Are we not going alone?”

“I can’t drive my automobile. So we’re taking my butler along.”

“A butler…You’re taking him away from the family?”

“He’s my own personal butler. Each member of the Freezis family has their own personal butler assigned to them.”

“Wow…That’s pretty incredible.”

.

And so, two days later.
Gallerian wound up heading to Pixie with Loki and his steward.

To have fun hunting.

And, to meet Kayo Sudou.
