Irina had a secret that she had never confided in anyone.

She had the same illness as her brother.

She had “malice” dwelling in her heart from birth…You could even say that she had another, separate personality.

Thanks to the excessive actions taken by her adoptive father, Irina had been forced to seal this “malicious personality” away for a long time.

The elder Clockworker had noticed the abnormality with her brother first, and had taken him to Lighwatch Temple.

The “malice” that should have similarly been in her brother’s heart was erased by that shrine maiden Elluka.

To her “malicious personality”, this had been equivalent to killing her big brother. At the same time, it began to grow wary of having its own existence erased.

The way the “malicious personality” dealt with this was…to give her body over to the other personality inside her, and to hide itself away in the depths of her heart.

Continuing to conceal itself, so that no one would find out—

And slowly but surely encroaching upon the surface personality, fusing them both together.

.

She had lingering inside her a faint memory of when she was born…

I am…a ‘dud’.

She could remember Seth saying something like that when he saw her as a baby.

Seth discarded me…and I was disposed of.

She didn’t know how she’d managed to survive.

Maybe her adoptive father or brother had saved her.

But…the only thing she could distantly recall…was the sight of her brother’s face as he ran to her adoptive father at some riverbank somewhere, holding her in his arms.

.

Irina’s surface personality hadn’t been particularly active towards becoming queen.

But then, by that time the “malicious personality” had come to more strongly direct her thoughts.

The time of her awakening was close.

Irina would become the “true Irina”, take revenge on Elluka who had killed her brother’s “malice”, and then become queen and triumph over Seth.

.

She had killed the other candidates simply because it was the most efficient method she had.

To become queen…and to destroy the shell around her surface personality to speed up their fusion.

Each time she committed murder, the malicious personality could feel itself gaining hegemony over her.

And then…when she killed Elluka, it was at last complete.
