Chapter 2
Section 1—— The Yearning of a Twin——

♦Allen~Elphegort Kingdom's "The Southern Region of the Capital City, Aceid"~

I felt my stomach somersault.

Sitting for six hours in the carriage from Lucifenia's civilian street, we finally arrived at Elphegort's capital, Aceid. At this time of the day, noon's
already long gone.

I'm already dizzy on the carriage. If this takes too long, I'm gonna get nauseous; the Lucifenia-Elphegort road was bumpy and we didn't know
how to fix it. Although the actual distance between the two countries is not really far away, we had to go around the Forest of Bewilderment in
a large circle just to arrive in our destination.

Oh how I will love to burn that forest.

As I was thinking of such a thought, I couldn't help but reveal a masochistic smile. Oh, this isn't how Riliane practices it. I took a deep breath
and turned my eyes to the window. Entering the city, the road wasn't very bumpy. I saw pedestrians coming and going, but it only continued my
nausea. I must hurry. When I arrive at my destination, I'll have some afternoon tea…… 3PM at the Freesis mansion.

The Lucifenia famine was temporarily resolved by sudden food donations from Elphegort and Marlon.

Although I am greatly delighted that Lucifenia got assistance from other countries, the mood is still very complex.

I recalled last night.

——It would have been nice if they lent a helping hand sooner——

That's why the two countries refused to offer long-term food aid. But the reason why they suddenly provided help…… Well, at least Marlon's
reason is obvious.

The Riliane - Marlon's King Kyle marriage…… will be held a year from now.

This marriage had already been set up for a long time. I heard that before she died, our mother, the Former Queen Anne and Kyle's mother,
Queen Dowager Prim had made an appointment to make them marry when Riliane's 15. She said that the two had already been best friends.

So you could say that this is Marlon's way to enhance their status before the King's marriage.

As for Elphegort's reason for providing assistance, it's unknown.

Not because I'm a servant means that I know nothing about politics. As a matter of fact, even the ministers can't help but love my mind.
Moreover, they suggested me to complete this demand.

"Show gratitude to the country, and be sure to offer the maids there to come over and serve for the Head of the Maids. You don't need to
trouble the Prime Minister or the Royal family."

It was originally Minis who had to visit the neighboring countries and show gratitude for our country, but Elphegort rejected. Not all of them
rejected though, the other party accepted such a request.

After being tossed from person to person, this task fell on me. These days, Ney has been bedridden because of a flu, and Chartette…… Forget
it. If she's in another country, she'll destroy every single artwork of the politicians; it might only give rise to international issues.

The point of this task is unclear; the designated place isn't the Elphegort palace, but the giant mansion of Keel Freesis.
