♦Allen~Elphegort kingdom's "The Central Region of the Capital City, Aceid"~

I can't take this discomfort anymore. I kindly requested the driver to stop, and then walked down the carrriage to take a break.

Being concerned of what I felt, the driver gave me some medicine, which I soon took. The driver said that he often encounters people getting
dizzy on the carriage like me, so he always prepares some medicines just in case. After I listened to his advice, I was prepared to walk around
and divert attention. Nevertheless, I still feel ashamed……

The central region of Aceid is more lively that the southern region we visited a while back, but the purpose of the people here don't seem to
be shopping; instead, there was a location in the streets where a lot of people clustered.

In curiousity, I went over the crowd.

"~~~?"

As I came closer, I heard a lithe and graceful song coming from inside. In the middle of the crowd, a girl was singing.

The people were reveled by her song; and some of them were shedding tears.

I don't know why; when I listen to her singing, it made me feel very warm.

It reminded me of my mother singing a lullaby for me when I was little…… I can't remember what it was, but with her voice, I seem to slightly
regain a long-forgotten childhood memory; as well as my mother's gentle smile.

The girl looks like my age, or is she older than me? Judging from her dress, she doesn't seem to be an aristocrat, but just an ordinary citizen.

But…… her voice and appearance, are just as beautiful.

I have seen the aristocratic wife and all the ladies in the Palace, expecting them to have luxurious status; my impression on the maids that I
worked with was that they were active and lively. However, this girl's beauty is different from both of them. Not only on the outside but
uhh…… how do you describe something this good? She is inclusive of everything tender; at the same time, she has a slim fragile glass-like
sense; the coexistence of the two qualities are in her.

People say that her song is magic. There is an old legend about Sirens who use sweet singing to tempt fishermen and maim the story of their
lives. A wonderful song to charm people.

Maybe, I'm, at this moment, in her magic.

I suddenly found out that my discomfort had disappeared.

After she finished the song, she slightly paid tribute to the crowd; followed by a turbulent flood of applause from the people.

"Wow~Great!"

"Really nice! Wonderfully incomparable!"

"You really deserve to be our Diva! Our Michaela!"

……Michaela?

The shy girl once again paid tribute to the people.

A teenager went to her side.
