"Thank you, Michaela-nee!"

"It's nothing. Don't mention it …… So, how are you? Did I cheer you up yet?"

"Mhmmm! I'll go to work now! Even if I'm just one person, I will not throw in the towel!"

The teenager said goodbye to the girl. After leaving, the other people went shopping; the workers went back to their jobs.

Knowing that the girl who was about to leave was named Michaela, I quickly ran and stopped her.

"E-Excuse me……"

"Cute foreign boy, do you need something from me?"

Michaela smiled sweetly and asked me.

When I heard the word "cute", a sudden anger filled my heart; but when I looked at the girl closely again, the emotion flew with the wind.

Her beautiful green hair was really breathtaking. She must be Gumilia's friend.

"Uh, uh…… Do you, by any chance, know a girl named Gumilia?"

Michaela's face instantly burst out into a ray of light.

"Are you Gumilia's friend?"

"I won't say friends…… Well, I'm actually one of the Lucifenian palace servants…… and Gumilia's at the palace too……"

"Is she having a hard time!? How's Gumilia? Is she doing all right?"

Seeing Michaela made me very happy. Heck, her smile alone could make me feel happy.

"Well, she's doing very good. She asked me to give you this thing."

I removed from the bag the Spring Onion Gumilia gave me. Having a Spring Onion inside for a long time, the bag smelled like Spring Onion.

"T-……This is a Spring Onion! …… And no, this is not just an ordinary Spring Onion! It is a 'very amazing Spring Onion'!"

Michaela took the Spring Onion, and she became more excited…… Is this stuff really that amazing?

"…… Is that Spring Onion really that amazing?"

"Thank you, it's very amazing! Very, very, amazing!…… Ah, what's your name?"

"My name is Allen."

"Thank you, Allen!"

Anyway, since I've completed the favor Gumilia entrusted me with, I could finally relax.

"My pleasure. For now, excuse me as I've got some business to attend to."

"Wait, Allen!"
