Upon saying this, Michaela smiled; she revealed a very brilliant smile. She then continued:

"But, Mrs. Freesis took good care of us. I heard that they're immigrants from the Marlon country."

Keel is a Marlon citizen? It's the first time I heard that.

"Master said that he wasn't comfortable of being an immigrant. Maybe because of this, he was very understanding and because Clarise also
looked different from the others, he hired us."

After saying this, Michaela seemed to remember something she wanted to ask me.

"Allen is a servant in the Palace? The Royal Palace… The Great Lucifenian Palace must be a lot larger than Mr. Keel's mansion; it must be hard
cleaning up though."

Michaela sighed; still having a great time staring at my face.

"Well, busy is really busy, but my job is to serve the Queen. The work of cleaning and the like are not part of my work, so it's not much hard
work."

"Direct control under the Royal family! You're so powerful!"

Michaela looked astonished. I was somewhat proud that she praised me.

"No, it's troublesome actually…… The Queen's aura is capricious and askance, and I have a colleague who breaks something everyday……"

We talked a lot on each other's work.

The royal family and the wealthy merchant. We serve different masters but we're both servants - that's what I have common with her, which I
don't know why but I'm very delighted. She was willing to happily listen to my grievances, and I would be happy to hear her dissatisfactions and
failures.

Her singing is so pure, as pleasant as mystical fairies, but after having this conversation with her, I found out that she's such a lovely ordinary girl
and so easy to get along.

We chatted and chatted and suddenly changed the topic. Awkward as it may seem, I pointed at Michaela's chest and commended the flashing
necklace along the road.

"That necklace suits you very well."

Her neck wore a necklace made out of shells. When I reached out and touched it, Michaela was a bit embarassed.

"Ah, this…… was a gift for me……"

Although I evaluated the necklace to "suit her very well", my mind didn't think the same way. Michaela is not suitable for wearing ornaments;
extra accessories will only cover up her beauty. I really don't know who this guy with bad taste is; even if I saw that necklace, I wouldn't give it
to her.

"Ah! I can already see the mansion."

Michaela said. As I looked ahead, I saw something much larger than the surrounding buildings: a mansion in the laps of luxury reflected into my
eyes. Although the Royal Palace is better, Keel's residence really deserved to be called gigantic, not in a small scale.

Can't the carriage move a little slower?

I thought. I don't know why but I wanna listen to her talk forever.
