One of them was Michaela, and her hands & feet were very diligent. It seems that she is a very good maid, and will surely become a good wife.

While the other girl…… seems to work to no avail. Not only that it's obvious that she has a very slow speed; she washes the laundered
clothes again and again.

Unlike other Elphegorts who have green hair; white hair and red eyes…… are what she has……

(I hang out with a friend…… named Clarise. She doesn't look the same as the others……)

Is that the Clarise girl Michaela mentioned?

"A white-haired…… descendant of the Netsuma tribe."

Then I discovered that someone with a saber around his waist was by my side.

His appearance was very beautiful, but he was a man. With that long hair, I thought he was a woman at first.

"I've heard that the Netsuma tribe perished long ago…… I didn't expect that there still are survivors."

The man who was talking to himself continued. His hair color was different from the people of this country; it was purple.

I had a great interest on the shape of the weapon on his waist.

"The shape of your sword is really special."

I bluntly said to ruin his dramatic moment. Probably hearing that compliment often, the man's face didn't change.

"Well, it's called a katana…… It's very rare."

He replied.

"Teenager, I hear your job is to serve the Royal Lucifenian family, is that right?"

He stared at me; suddenly changing the subject.

"Yep. I'm Queen Riliane's servant; the name's Allen."

"Allen, I ask you, have you not heard of the Lucifenian Resistance?"

"Resistance? No major war has ever happened these past years…… I never heard of it."

"Really?…… Oh, I almost forgot to introduce myself. I'm Gast Venom; I'm a mercenary. I've got nothing to do so I stayed here and I live nearby
Lucifenia. If the Queen or the ministers need manpower, you could always give me a call… okay?"

Gast Venom…… I've heard of that name before. He has an alias called the "Devil of Asmodin"; this person is very skillful.

"I understand; I'll pass."

"Thank you very much. As I was saying……"

Gast suddenly stared at my face; I can't help but take one step backwards.
