"The darkness of your eyes…… are unlike what a typical servant has. Allen, have you killed a man?"

"……! W-What are you talking about?……!"

At that moment, a knock came from the door behind him; followed by a middle-aged butler opening the door and stood by the entrance.

"Mr. Allen, Keel-san has been waiting for you. Please come with me."

"Ah…… All right! ……Gast, I'm very sorry; talk to you later when we have an opportunity."

I walked a few steps to the door and distanced myself from Gast; I saw that he shrugged and I left the room.

There were a lot more things in Keel's room than the previous room.

Bear specimens, golden jars, clockwork dolls, black crystals…… I couldn't help but lament that he really has so many rare stuff.

"You've worked hard to go all the way here for your first time, Sir Allen."

The owner of the luxurious collections, Keel Freesis, showed me an invigorating smile. His face was so full of affinity, that I unconsciously
became relaxed, but I have to complete the task I was entrusted with first.

"I overwhelmingly, in the name of the Queen, express my heartfelt appreciation for the support provided for Lucifenia. To further express our
gratitude, I brought some gifts for you that I hope you'll kindly accept."

I handed the gifts I brought to Keel.

"Oh…… A quill pen made by Lola Munao(洛拉姆鸟羽); as well as a fine parchment paper. Thank you very much; these things aren't easy to get
in Elphegort."

Keel carefully looked and finished every line in the song; it appears that he was very satisfied. These gifts were personally handpicked by Minis;
it never troubled him to do this. The obtuse Prime Minister really proves that he has the ability to please others.

"It's good to know that you like it, because we heard that Your Excellency Keel is fond of written articles."

"Not so much but my children are really fond of them. My eldest daughter, who is soon to be 9 years old, is very passionate about books."

"So young…… Your daughter must be really smart."

"Is she? Oh, my daughter loves reading, but it seems that she's becoming interested on writing one of her own."

Keel enjoyed talking about the growth of his child. He seems to be a good father.

"By the way, Sir Allen, you recently chatted with Gast Venom lately, didn't you?"

"Yes…… Have you known him for a long time, Keel?"

"No, today's the first time I met him; he wanted to collect one of my products."

His previous visitor was Gast.

Keel took out a sword that looked very old. Like the sword on Gast's waist, the shape was very weird.

"Venom Sword…… It seems to be a sword passed down from his ancestors. In fact, this is not fundamentally worth much, but I think if I
deliberately opened up a high price: he'll dislike it, give up, and go away. Ah, that's what I hate the most about mercenaries and the like."
