It seems that merchants don't give fixed prices for gifted and experienced mercenaries.

"By not knowing where to squeeze out high profits from the value of my goods, I will not hesitate on the amount of money that my client has
on hand——This, is the common knowledge of a merchant."

"I see. So considering what you just said, what makes you willing to spend money for donations to our country?"

I've always wanted to understand what was Keel's purpose of providing assistance to Lucifenia. In order to clarify this point, I decided to spell
out my doubts.

"Ah~~~Well, there are many wealthy people in your country; if it collapses, less people will support my business. That's one of the reasons."

"There are other reasons?"

"There are…… Well, it's a request of my beloved friend, Kyle so I do it for him; that's my second reason."

"You're acquaintances with Marlon's King Kyle?"

"I met him when I lived in Marlon; he's a kindhearted man, and now I see that because he treats her like his younger sister, he will do anything
to help Queen Riliane's difficulties."

Keel seems to be very proud of talking about his friend. However, it's impossible for the other countries to know the truth: it's not the Queen
who's having difficulties but the people.

"King Kyle and Queen Riliane are getting married soon; in a sense, this is a logical way to move forward."

Keel smiled; but then, I saw his eyes seem to have changed. I intended to continue the conversation, but Keel spoke first.

"Anyway, money isn't infinite; I'm not competent in trading losses…… so I called you over."

I finally seem to have entered a red herring. What is the purpose of this merchant?

"…… Don't be so nervous, trifle. For a merchant, money is very important, but some things are much more important, and that's——
information. To seize the world of intelligence for the first time and to know the meaning of why information manipulates itself, is the secret to
success."

Because he himself has huge amounts of money, then I guess these words are true.

"I want to know the real inside story of Lucifenia. Asking the ministers is useless, because as long as it's in front of the nationals of other
countries, they'll only praise the Royal family. I want someone who is directly related to the Royal family, but not involved in politics and just
state the ordinary person's real views."

No wonder he refused Mariam to be the messenger to come. In fact, very few people know that she's one of the Three Heroes; because her
main task is espionage, she never does her actions in front of people. However, Keel has evidently long grasped the news, and was informed of
her true identity.

Subsequently, Keel asked me a few questions about the Lucifenian palace, and I made appropriate answers. Since he's a very perspicacious
person, I called a spade a spade, and deliberately concealed his doubt.

"…… Ah, I see. Although I have already heard about it, I didn't expect the Queen's autocracy to be this severe."

"However, it's a lot better recently. Thanks to your help, the food problem is resolved; the people's dissatisfaction has been reduced; as for the
impeding marrage with King Kyle, the Queen seems to feel very good."
