Minis went to the Marlon country; on one hand, he went there to give thanks for the food aid; on the other hand, it's to have a concrete
discussion on King Kyle and Queen Riliane's wedding issues. He should have set foot in Elphegort on his way home by now.

"The marriage…… I hope it doesn't get messed up."

Keel muttered. What does he mean?

Knock knock; someone knocked on the door. Keel uttered a cry for the door to be opened, and Michaela came in.

"Excuse me; please have some tea."

"Thank you; put it over there…… Oh! This brioche looks really good; I'll have a try."

Keel promptly took a snack and put it in his mouth.

"Mmmmmm! It's really tasty! Did you make this, Michaela?"

"No, Clarise made this."

"Oh~~~Her cooking really isn't a small advancement. Allen-kun, do you want one?"

I gave thanks and took one into my mouth. Well, it is indeed delicious; the sweetness is very suitable to my liking.

"It tastes very good. I occasionally do some cooking, but it's nothing compared to this…… I really want to ask her cooking tips when I have a
chance."

"Haha, I'm sure Clarise will be very happy to hear that. If you have time, you could always come and have fun with us."

Michaela bowed and left the room. As she walked before me, I met with her eyes for a while. And I smiled in response. I looked at Keel, who
doesn't know why I was smiling, staring at me.

"You met with her on the way here…… huh? Your face is very red; do you take a fancy to her?"

"It's……"

"True love at such a young age~~~~~ But, sorry, she's very sought-after."

Keel ridiculed me.

"I guess you probably know that her singing is very good and very competent. When I occassionaly throw a party, to entertain my friends at
home, I often let her sing to help add in the fun for everyone."

"……"

"The wealthy people were captured by her voice and as you can see, she's very beautiful. To be honest, I don't even know how many
aristocrats and royal people wanted to take her home and marry her."

Judging by the time when she sung at the City Square, I could already see that she's very popular, but I really didn't expect so many people to
like her.

That low-grade shell necklace; do I know the man who gave it to her?
