…

…Who am I?

I am…

My name is…

–Levia.

Levia Barisol.

What was that just now?

I was sucked into that woman…

And now I was inside some building somewhere.

.

Was this–the hall of a theater?

There was a screen and audience seats. And behind me was a film projector.

I had no memory of where this was, but–

The name for this place immediately came to my mind.

.

–Evils Theater

.

A name that showed up in Nemesis’ memories.

.

“…Wait a second. If that’s the case then this must be—"

That meant that I was inside the world in Nemesis’ memories.

That in itself wasn’t all that strange a thing.

I was after all in the middle of performing a “Swap” with her spirit.

But if this was a vicarious experience of Nemesis’ memories—

Then how was it that I was myself?

Normally I would lose my own memories while in the middle of an experience.

I would completely become Nemesis while seeing her life.

But right now, I—

I was inside Nemesis’ world while retaining my memories as Levia.

My feet spontaneously headed deeper into the hall.

I walked inside a single room there—it had “director’s room” written on the door.

This must be the director’s collection. Several antique-looking items were inside.

Katana.

Scissors.

Wineglass.

Spoon.

Mirror.

And–

That doll.

The green haired doll that Mr. Ziz had fished out of the sea and Gallerian had owned.

I approached the doll to look at it more closely.

At that moment, I incidentally looked at my face in the nearby mirror.

–Yes, that was my face.

Not Nemesis, me—Levia.

It appeared that this wasn’t just a memory, but that I had entered this memory world as myself, even in appearance.

…Looks like the Black Box has gone into a full-blown breakdown.

I was growing increasingly more anxious over whether or not I’d be able to return to the real world.

–I heard the sound of a door open from behind me.

A new person had entered this room.

“So you’ve come, Nemesis. …Or should I be calling you now Führer Sudou?”

It was a woman’s voice.

When I turned around I could see—the woman in the kimono who had sucked me in.

Despite my appearance, she had acknowledged me as “Nemesis”.

And yet, appearances aside even my memories were my own, not Nemesis’. Apparently we were acquaintances, but I had no idea how I ought to respond.

–However, my mouth began to run of its own accord, and said:

“…Long time no see, Mother.”

Bizarrely enough, regardless of the fact that I was myself, the memory was proceeding smoothly along with the vicarious experiencing of Nemesis’ life.

I wound up feeling like I was being forced to play the role of “Nemesis”.

“Surprising, isn’t it? That this theater alone is untouched despite the forest having completely burned down,” Nemesis’ mother—Kayo Sudou said.

But her expression immediately turned serious.

Rather, she almost seemed a little angry.

“…”

I—Or rather Nemesis—made no reply.

Kayo continued talking, gazing fixedly at Nemesis. “I had no inkling that you would be able to resurrect the ‘boy’—that thing that was sealed away a thousand years ago. I don’t know how you found it…Though, well, I imagine you had some hints from the ‘Demon of Wrath’.”

Nemesis, who had been silent up to now, finally opened her mouth.

Though my will tried to go against it, it was evidently pointless.

“That ‘boy’ was in that ancient legacy site in Levianta…Lunaca Labora. The only one who was able to undo the seal was his creator, the ‘Demon of Wrath’—Mr. Ziz.”
“So, the demon tried to trick you into using it to destroy the world.”

“No. Actually, Mr. Ziz was against it. It is because he didn’t want to use it that he sealed it away himself. But I persuaded him, and in the end he relented. He said to ‘do as you like’.”

“Why would you do such a thing…”

“I need enormous power to secure victory for Tasan Elphegort! …I’ve been working hard in the Tasan Party, and so I’ve become its leader. Now I am in a position to govern the whole country—but of course this important role is almost impossible for me to do by myself. Now that Gammon is gone I’ve been trying to better the country all on my own.”

“And the result of that was this invasion of your neighboring nations?”

“If I hadn’t done that, I wouldn’t have been able to hold down the dissatisfaction smoldering in the country. War begat war, and then suddenly Elphegort had become the enemy of almost all the other nations.”

It appeared that chronologically this was approximately around the time Nemesis killed Bruno.

Kayo took out a pipe and started to smoke it.

“—And so, unable to backpedal on your actions, finally you turned to a forbidden weapon.”

“I had my nation’s scientists analyze the ‘boy’ and improve upon it into a practical weapon—the weapon of mass destruction, ‘Punishment’.”

“The other countries aren’t likely to keep quiet once they learn such a thing exists.”

“True. Actually, just the other day some assassins arrived from the United States of Maistia looking to destroy ‘Punishment’. And their leader…was Bruno.”
“Bruno Zero!? That’s a blast from the past. So he was still alive, huh.”

Upon hearing that, Nemesis snorted. “—He’s dead now though. I killed him.”

“That’s quite merciless of you. I would think you’d view that man as your savior.”

“Savior? Him? …Don’t be stupid. He was always serving Gallerian. No—maybe he was the one who was truly ‘evil’.”

“Bruno…He likely had his own mixed feelings on you. Because he loved Gallerian he couldn’t simply watch his daughter die. But—I’m positive he also despised you, more than that. He hated me, so he hadn’t wanted to accept the fact that there was a child between myself and Gallerian.”

So, he had mixed feelings of love and hate.

“…That’s got nothing to do with me.”

On that point Nemesis and I were in agreement. It’s not like she chose the parent she was born to.

Kayo sighed as she continued smoking. “Hah…You’ve killed quite a few people, haven’t you. –Including Nikolay.”

“That was ten years ago already. He himself asked me to kill him. I merely granted his wish. …Nikolay told me something. That he ‘hadn’t been able to fulfill his role’. And that’s why you chased him out of the forest.”

“His ‘role’, huh—It’s true, he didn’t carry out what I ordered him to do.”

“But Nikolay did properly look after me. Unlike you, always absent from home.”

Kayo once again blew out smoke.

She shut her eyes once, and then immediately opened them again, saying, “…You misunderstand what Nikolay’s ‘role’ was.”

“What…do you mean?”

“I did not order him to protect you. …Just the opposite. I told him to kill you when he got the chance.”

“Wh…”

“But he opposed that. He wasn’t that soft when he was young, albeit. Maybe he was touched from having watched you from nearby for so long. Perhaps he was projecting, seeing you as being like his real daughter.”

“Now that you mention it, I think he did mention having a daughter…”

“You’ve met her yourself, I’m sure—Come in,” Kayo called out to the other side of the door.

Yet another person arrived in the room.

“—Postman!?”

Nemesis was the one who shouted that then, but if I had been able to move I would have shouted just the same.

“You know that she was a member of PN—or rather Pere Noel, yes?”
“Yeah. I would receive my assassin orders through her.”

“At the same time, Postman is also my servant. Due to some circumstances I was entrusted with her by Nikolay.”

Kayo gestured with her eyes, and Postman took off the cap that was hiding her face.

Nemesis—and myself as well—saw her face for the first time.

She was an adorable young girl with blonde hair.

–She was a girl!?

But comparing that fact with what Kayo had just said, one answer came forward.

Essentially, Postman’s true identity…was that of Nikolay’s daughter.

Though in spite of that, there seemed to be too much of an age gap there.

As though appearing to anticipate that question, Kayo began to explain. “Postman doesn’t age, you see. It’s a side effect of a treatment I performed on her.”

“A treatment?”

“When she was young, she was assailed by an incurable illness. Having been newly appointed a judge of the Dark Star Bureau, Nikolay—or rather, Hanma Baldured, consulted me, as I was the girlfriend of one of his then-colleagues. And I was rumored to have been a witch. …So, I performed a treatment with magic. But it didn’t go completely right. The illness was cured, but in return she had become doll-like, having lost her voice and her will.”

Kayo patted her hand on Postman’s head.

But there was no change in Postman’s expression.
“That wound up being the cause for Hanma’s divorce with his wife. Still he continued to raise his daughter alone for a time, but he was quite young, and with his eyes on advancement in the Dark Star Bureau he came to bear increasingly heavier responsibilities. At the same time, he also had become obsessed with magic that would allow one to wield power that exceeded human knowledge. Hanma volunteered to become my apprentice, and in exchange for accepting him I sought for him to give his daughter to me.”

“For—what purpose?”

“I was seeking a ‘raw material’ like her. A living doll to make into a ‘receptacle’. –Though, ultimately that didn’t work out. …Whatever the case, Hanma must have regretted having let go of his daughter, somewhere in his heart.”

“But wait a second. There’s a discrepancy in your age with that story just now. Isn’t Nikolay a great deal older than you?”

“…I’m like Postman. I am also a being that doesn’t age.”

I couldn’t make sense of it all, so far removed from common sense.

Nemesis must have been the same. She returned back to the main topic relating to herself.

“…Why did you order Nikolay to kill me?”

“It’s simple. You–were something that fulfilled its purpose to me merely by being born. Once you had achieved that, I had no more use for you.”

“I don’t understand…birthing a child only to kill them.”

“That’s not it. It’s not that I wanted to kill you, really. I just didn’t need you. I just asked Nikolay to dispose of my discarded refuse.”
“…I don’t believe you. You were always so kind to me—”

“You—have distorted your own memories. Right after you were born I left the forest, and I never went back until you were arrested. You have created these false memories of me raising you because you didn’t want to accept that.”

“…Then what about Mr. Ziz? The blue octopus you gave me as a Christmas present—”

“You mean the ‘Demon of Wrath’? If I had really given him to you as a present I would have then realized what his true identity was, don’t you think?”

“But Mr. Ziz told me you’d bought him at the market—”

“If he told you that then I’m sure he was just playing along with you. So as to keep you from falling apart if you noticed the inconsistency.”

–Certainly, among all the memories that I had seen up until now…Kayo had never actually made an appearance, not once.

Everything that had to do with her was just reminiscence in Nemesis’s memories.

…They had all been little more than her own delusions—

“You’re lying…That can’t…”

“Nemesis. Even you must have realized it somewhere deep in your heart, haven’t you? It was for that reason—you tried to kill me. –By dropping ‘Punishment’ on this forest where I am!”

“No! It was because there…are monsters in this forest, and people were frequently going missing here…I was trying to give the people of my country less grounds for concern–”
“It was for that reason alone you dropped a weapon of mass destruction on the country that you rule? You don’t think that’s strange for you to say? …Sorry, but you won’t be able to kill me that easily!”

Kayo leaped towards Nemesis, and started to strangle her neck with her hands.

“Grk…”

It hurt.

Nemesis’ pain was being transmitted to me.

She tried with all her might to throw off Kayo’s arms, but to no avail.

“H…ow? I…have…demonic…power…”

“What a pity for you. I also have demons inside me! I am not some mere contractor like you! I—have taken six demons into myself!”

Six…that lined up with how many antiques there were in the room.

“So I am able to kill you, contractor that you are. Once I learned that you had the ‘Demon of Wrath’ dwelling inside you, I couldn’t leave you be any longer. –I will kill you, and then steal the last demon!”

Kayo tightened her grip even further.

“Glu…eck.”

In response, I could feel Nemesis’ body progressively begin to grow weaker.

If this kept up—
“…Huh!?”

Suddenly the strangling force slackened.

Seeing an opportunity, Nemesis kicked Kayo in the stomach.

Unable to take the blow, Kayo released her.

“Hack!…urgh…”

After breathing on all fours for a moment, Nemesis raised her head.

–Kayo was laying on the ground, groaning in pain.

One of the artifacts in the room—the katana—was thrust deep into her back.

“Ggu—Postman…Damn you!”

Behind Kayo as she screamed stood Postman, expressionless with hands stained in blood.

“…”

Despite bearing a blade wound that would normally have been fatal, Kayo was still alive.

If what she said was true…Only a contractor would be able to put a stop to her.

“…Mother.”

Nemesis stood and drew her gun from its holster.

–It was the revolver.

“Hey Mother—Right now I’m pointing the muzzle of my gun at someone.”

That person was none other than Nemesis’ mother herself.
“You don’t have…the right to call me mother…You bitch, I should have killed you myself right after giving birth to you.”

“You are a very, very evil woman. Abandoning me in the forest, bringing so many people to unhappiness—"

“—If it hadn’t been for you and her, I could have taken in the Demon of Deadly Sin…and become a truly ‘pure being’…I was so close…”

The katana in Kayo’s back fell out, and the wound began to steadily close.

She had a marvelous recovery ability.

“Now, I…I don’t care what happens. No matter how hard I try I can’t help this world. So then, rather—”

“…That is your true nature, Nemesis. The one who desires destruction…Your real identity is—”

–What Kayo said in the end was drowned out by the gunshot.

.

…

Nemesis was kneeling by Kayo’s corpse, sobbing.

“…Ua—uuuaah…”

–Poor Nemesis.

Continuously betrayed by those you believed in.

Unable to make anyone happy no matter how hard you tried.

You aren’t to blame.
The one at fault is–

.

This very world itself.

.

So you need to purify everything.

Destroy it all.

.

…Whose voice is this?

Mine?

No, it can’t be.

This is–“the other Nemesis”.

The being that had always been speaking to her.

The other me.

Me.

Nemesis.

Me.

Levia.

Me.
Me.

Me.

.

Obeying my voice, Nemesis left the theater.

And then entered the nearby Tasan Headquarters.

There was no way that it would be so nearby, but that doesn’t matter.

More important than that now.

Hurry and press the switch.

The forbidden device is beyond this point.

If you do it now no one will discover it.

Come, hurry.

Bring everything to an end.

Bring punishment.

Down to this world.
