♦Allen~Lucifenian Palace's "The Servant Room"~

By afternoon, I still haven't decided.

Do I want to kill Leonhart? Do I want to kill the one who raised me? But he saved me from almost being implicated in political disputes when I
was an infant. And they treat me like I'm part of their family.

I can't do it, how could I?

Maybe I should just give up. I learned how to use a sword, not to kill, but to protect Riliane - my twin sister. That was my only determination to
learn.

Even I were to be beheaded, I wouldn't do it. Even if it's my own family that instructed me to do it, I wouldn't kill my adoptive father since I was
raised well.

Someone went to the Servant Room. It was Ney.

"Ney, you're also taking a break?"

"Yes, Her Highness Riliane just finished eating. I'm also done sweeping."

"Yeah, I'm almost done taking a break. Go ahead."

"And so, Allen."

Ney called as I was just about to stand up and remove my body from the chair.

"What?"

"About that........ Captain Leonhart thing........."

It seems to be that occurence in the kitchen.

"Don't mind it, Ney. Maybe that situation could make you upset. But even if we know that you're the one who's laying information, no one
would hate you."

"It's not that...... I've heard....... some other news about Captain leonhart."

"........"

"I have overheard a conversation between my mom and Leonhart. And Allen, they were referring to you."

Mariam and Leonhart talking about me? What did they say?

"They said, you are.............. Leonhart's adopted son. And furthermore......... they sent you the palace as a servant for a reason."

"The reason I am aware of why Leonhart sent me to the palace, was because Her Highness Riliane hates the Royal Guards and will not let any
of them get close to her. So he told me to go by the Queen's side, until the time comes that I need to protect her."

Ney shooked her head.

"Wrong...... That's not the case, Allen. The reason why he asked you to get closer to Her Highness Riliane......... is to assassinate the Queen."
