♦Allen~Lucifenian Palace's "Riliane's Room"

That night.

I was on standby outside Riliane's room.

My ears perked up to listen carefully to the conversation inside.

"You've came. Sit down first."
It was Riliane's voice.

".........Your Highness Riliane, it's getting late. A man like me and a woman like you isolated at this time of the night.... seems a little
inappropriate......"
And that was Commander of the Guards, Leonhart's voice.

"This is something I don't want other people to hear, so I had to pick this time. What did you say? Are you horny and want to attack me?"

"W-.... Why am I the one getting all the blame from the beginning?!"

Riliane laughed at the intimidated Leonhart.

"It was a joke. I understand that you're not interested in children like me. The Commander of the Guards likes boobs of mature women as
plump as my mother's, right?

"........! Y- You're joking."

Muttering privately, Leonhart and Riliane talked about her mother, Queen Anne's crushes. These were something I originally didn't know but
Ney quietly told me just recently.

"Well, let's cut to the chase. In fact, Leonhart, my Lord, as a nation, I think we should start considering the people."

It seems that Leonhart was surprise by Riliane's speech, or maybe he still hasn't recovered from Riliane's previous joke; either way, he asked in
a trembling voice:

"Riliane, Your Highness, what do you mean?"

"I meant your eviction of the food in the Palace Barns..... and so on. Don't worry, I did not call you here to punish you for your plans. Instead,
because of your consideration for the citizens, I have to be grateful for you."

"……"

"From now on, you can freely send food from the Officials, but for one condition! You must get my persmission in an upright manner to do it. I
hate people surreptitiously doing little tricks."

It was silent for a moment.

"……Thank....... Thank you, Your Highness Riliane!!"

"Oh, the line. The line between you and me is like fire and ice. But in the future, the relationship between us should gradually improve."

"Your Royal Highness, Riliane! I, Leonhart, cannot express how truly grateful I am for this!"

It seems that Leonhart is really happy. Although his voice is still shaking and even if I stayed outside Riliane's room, I could make out that there's
something about that voice that makes it different from before.
