The song, “The Tailor of Enbizaka”, is something I made a very long time before I started writing the novel. Speaking in terms of the “Deadly Sins of Evil” series it was after “Evil Food Eater Conchita”, and before “The Lunacy of Duke Venomania”. For that reason, there are several differences in the contents of the book from the original plot of the song when it was conceived. It’s a song whose role has changed following along with the development of the “Deadly Sins of Evil” series.

I looked over my old notes again when I started writing this novel, and for example let’s look at the key item in this one, the “scissors”. In my original plot, these were not scissors but a “pink harpoon”.

Why a harpoon? Maybe I had this idea that “Luka is associated with octopus. Octopus is associated with harpoons”. I’m writing as though this was some other person’s thoughts, but it was, after all, an extremely long time ago. As you can expect, I can’t clearly remember what my thought process had been at the time. Around then I was making songs with some considerable momentum, after all. At any rate, if the key item was a harpoon then Kayo was not a tailor, but rather a fisherwoman.

Moving on from that, in the original conception of the song the man that the protagonist kills wasn’t necessarily based on KAITO as his VOCALOID. Only, when making the song into a movie almost all of the people who applied to do illustrations for it drew the man as a KAITO. So, figuring there was no reason to go against that, in this novel I decided to go on to base him on KAITO.

One more thing, relating to the story of “Jahime” that shows up in the book—that was based on a song motif that I was thinking about much earlier than “The Tailor of Enbizaka”, about right after I had made “The Daughter of Evil” song. Well, it was actually right after “The Daughter of Evil” got popular, so I think I had gotten the simple idea to make a Japanese “Daughter of Evil”. At the same time I guess I had also been considering a western genre “Daughter of Evil”, and a space opera “Daughter of Evil”, and so on, though ultimately all of those got discarded. It’s not that great to do a rehash work, after all.

Anyway…I suppose next up is “Judgment of Corruption”. The man who routinely shows up in the end of all the novels up to this point, Gallerian Marlon, is finally going to be a protagonist. The fact that he’s making an appearance must mean that the series is growing increasingly closer to its finale…maybe.

I’ve been talking as though it’s been set in stone that the continuation will be published, but I still don’t know what’s really going to happen in this tough world of ours, after all. Well, even if something unexpected should occur, I plan to have the novel “Judgment of Corruption” published in some form or another. As my responsibility as the original author.

Well then, let us meet again in the next work.

.

AkunoP (mothy)
