Afterword

The “Daughter of Evil” novel series has reached its third installment.

This time the story is told from the viewpoints of Keel’s daughter Yukina, and King Kyle who has become the ruler of Lucifenia. Despite “red” being affixed to the subtitle, nothing is from Germaine’s viewpoint. She already had her turn in the first book.

The time period is different from the others, as it takes place about five years after the revolution. It’s not a novelization of the songs that are the so-called “original works”, but rather in the format of a sequel novel.

The subtitle for this one is “Praeludium of Red”. As I just said, it is not from Germaine’s perspective; however, this time it does center around a past connection regarding her.

Incidentally, “praeludium” means “prelude”; with the subtitles going in reverse of the chronology, it has the sort of meaning of the stories rewinding from the end to the beginning.

There is another meaning in the subtitle of “prelude”. At the time I had planned to finish this series with this third book, however as I filled in the steps of the plot with things I wanted to write, I realized that I couldn’t fit it all in one book. After some consultation with my publishers, I decided to continue on with a fourth installment.

In other words, this book is the “praeludium” to the story that comes after this one.

With that in mind, that means there are was a lie in the notice that was published at the end of the second book, “Wiegenlied of Green”. It was written that “the stage moves on to the Blue Country surrounded by ocean—“, but actually this story ends before they get there.

I figure I’ll properly write on that bit in the next work. …This time for sure!

— AkunoP (mothy)
