As a benefit of the founding of the USE, for a long time no major border-spanning wars occurred in the Evillious region.

Conversely, this had the effect of making its people forget that war was something that brought great tragedy.

Asmodean and Beelzenia, both being non-member nations of USE, were each fumbling around for their connection to each other. In January of year 982, the two of them made an alliance with Elphegort of the USE. On the surface, their reason for it was to form a beneficial military pact to counter the increasing number of dead soldiers. But it was clear that their true goal was to keep in check the Republic of Lucifenia that they shared a border with.

In Lucifenia, which had suffered the most casualties from the dead soldiers, a great discontent was spreading through its citizenry due to political decay. Rumors were circulating that the Kingdom of Beelzenia was the source of the dead soldier outbreak, and there were many public voices calling for them to ignore the USE’s military pact (USE member countries were forbidden from launching any invasions on outside countries on their own without permission from the joint government) and invade Beelzenia.

It was with an impending sense of doom that Beelzenia had sought aid from Asmodean, and Elphegort had gotten on board as well owing to the fact that their relationship with Lucifenia hadn’t been all that great to begin with, due to their history of warfare in the past.

Wanting to avoid a war breaking out, the USE unified government tacitly accepted Elphegort’s participation in the alliance. They had likely believed that this would result in Lucifenia quieting down from the turbulent actions they were displaying.

–But that is not what happened. On the contrary, this lit the flames of anger for the bulk of Lucifenia’s populace.

.
In June of year 982, the crown prince of Asmodean was assassinated on a visit to Elphegort’s capital of Aceid.

The one arrested as perpetrator was a young man of the Lucifenian Republic by the name of Heleus Gone.

He was put to trial in the Dark Star Bureau.

In the room of an apartment in the town of Rolled in the Lucifenian Republic.

A single man sat in a chair, and tuned in to the news coming from his radio.

“—Defendant Heleus Gone, prosecuted as the culprit behind the assassination of the crown prince of Asmodean, was sentenced to ten years of penal servitude. The prosecutor had sought the death penalty, but head judge Gallerian Marlon lightened the severity of the sentence in account for the defendant’s young age and that he showed sufficient remorse for the deed. –Upon receiving this verdict the Asmodean government has immediately declared their objections, and there has also been criticism coming from the third political party ‘Tasan’ of their ally nation, Elphegort—"

The man flicked the radio’s switch off, expressionless.

“…Heleus Gone is the nephew of the rich merchant Perse—You never change, Gallerian Marlon.”

He stood and adjusted his appearance.

“With this…war will probably break out. I wonder what Gammon will do—"

The door to the living room opened, and his girlfriend entered.

“Oh, you’re done getting dressed up.”

When he said that, she smiled. “Yeah…”
“Well then, shall we go? The summer festival’s gonna start soon.”

He and his girlfriend left the room together.

.

The man’s real name was Nyoze Octo.

The former soldier that Gallerian had imprisoned on false charges.

He had escaped from prison, changed his name, and went into hiding in Lucifenia.

.

He is little more than a single example.

Those who were plotting to grant Gallerian his “punishment” were budding all over the USE.
