Just as Nyoze predicted, a war began.

In September, Asmodean declared war on the Republic of Lucifenia. They then launched an invasion into said-country.

In October, the USE country Holy Levianta received a request for aid from Lucifenia, and so they declared war on Asmodean. But Elphegort refused to help, despite having received a similar request. Marlon began to look into a resolution through diplomatic channels. Due to differences in how each of the signatory nations were treated, the USE unified government was unable to put forth a collective stance, and so parliament merely continued to argue in circles.

Giving up on diplomacy, Marlon joined in the war that November. Upon receiving this information, the Kingdom of Beelzenia declared war on all member nations of the USE outside of Elphegort.

The war quickly developed into something that would engulf all of Evillious. And yet, the USE’s unified government displayed no leadership, collapsing to the point where the soldiers of their allied forces each began to take action on their own in accordance with the plans of their respective home countries.

.

Elphegort, the Millennium Tree Forest.

The construction of a new building was being finished here under Ma’s direction.

Gallerian and Ma stood side by side, watching as it was put together.

“—In just a month, ‘Evils Theater’ will be complete,” Ma said with a smile.

“A theater for demons, huh. I don’t much care for the name, but if that’s what you want it to be, then fine. …It will end up being just as the name suggests, after all.”

“Once it’s finished, let’s move all of the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’ that we have right now here. With all of the other regions breaking out in war, Elphegort is the only safe place right now.”

Upon constructing the theater, Gallerian and Ma had first bribed the Sisters of Clarith who watched over the forest. As the order had already shifted its priorities from faith to money-grubbing, they were all too quick to give Gallerian permission to build as he had requested.

He dismantled an abandoned hut in the woods, and this became the site where the theater was planned to be built. Ma had drawn up the blueprints for it, putting in several of the technologies that had been present in the Magic Kingdom. Thanks to that the construction work became far more large-scale than initially planned, and the amount of time and money it needed increased. But still, they’d managed to get it finished.

“The trees of this forest will be a big help in obstructing invaders. The camouflage effect of the Forest of Bewilderment will be greatly amplified by the ancient technology installed in the theater,” Ma said with satisfaction.

“As for who’ll manage this place…I’d heard you would be doing it by yourself, Ma—”

“Oh yes, of course. One of my dreams as a screenwriter is to have a theater of my own, you see.”

“Lich is against it. He said it ran counter to your promise not to get close to ‘The Glass of Conchita’.”

“What a frustrating man…Then tell Lich he can come here too. He should keep an eye on things so that I don’t get near the glass, just like he has been. –He’ll make a good guard for Michelle, too.”

“Michelle…It’ll be hard to have to live apart from my daughter for so long.”

“This building is also for her security. I’m positive that the peaceful atmosphere of the forest will have a good effect on her recovery from her illness as well.”

.

One month later, “Evils Theater” was finished as planned; the “Venom Sword”, “Glass of Conchita”, “Four Mirrors of Lucifenia”, and the doll—that is, “The Clockworker’s Doll”, were all moved there. Aside from the “Marlon Spoon”, which Gallerian continued to carry on his person as before.

With this, that left two “Vessels of Deadly Sin”—Or so you would think.

.

Sitting in a guest seat in the finished theater, Ma was gazing at a movie playing out on the screen.

The title of the film that was playing was “The Tailor of Enbizaka”. It was based on a screenplay that she had written in her past.

There were no other members of the audience. When the words “The End” finally showed on the screen, Ma stood and clapped quietly all alone.

Deeper in the main hall was the director’s room.

All of the “Vessels of Deadly Sin” they had gathered were neatly on display inside. As soon as Ma entered, Lich—who was inside—glowered at her.

“…Relax. I won’t go near the glass,” Ma said, though Lich remained displeased.

“—Really, I could have never imagined that I would be returning to the forest in this fashion.”

“Ha ha, maybe you could go see your old friends while you’re here? –Even your little brother—”
“If I met them with this form it would only cause a stir. Worst case, I get run out of the forest again. If that happened there would be no one to protect my master.”

“…I think if that was what they wanted, they would have done it long ago.”

Ma moved away from Lich and laid something metallic down next to the “Venom Sword”.

“And that is?” Lich asked.

“Considering the kind of items we leave in here—do you really need me to tell you?”

“…I see, still a cunning one, aren’t you? You’ve—already obtained it.”

What she had set down were two pairs of scissors.

–One of the Vessels of Deadly Sin, “Kayo’s Scissors”.

.

With that, there was only one left.
