February, year 983.

The second division of the USE allied forces led by major general Tony Ausdin were marching through the snowy field of Samadin in the southeast region of Levianta.

Their destination was the border of Asmodean that lay behind the field.

“Excuse me.”

Wielding her rifle, Shiro Netsuma stood in front of armored vehicle that Tony was riding in.

“What’s wrong, second lieutenant Netsuma?” Colonel Mars, riding along in the same vehicle, poked his head out.

“We received some correspondence from the front line. They say that the snowfall has gotten too deep, and that it’s dangerous to advance any farther. They want to find a place to stop for a time.”

“…So then—What would you like to do, Major General?” Colonel Mars asked Tony, sitting in the back seat.

“Hmph…Nothing for it, I guess.”

“There’s a village named Zenosai in the direction we’re headed. Might we let the troops rest there?”

“Zenosai, huh—Alright, that sounds good.”

“Roger that, sir.” Colonel Mars once more poked his head out of the car, and told Shiro, “You have permission. Everyone is to pause the march at the village of Zenosai and take a rest until the weather improves.”

“Understood,” Shiro replied, and then grinned slightly.

Zenosai was one of the few settlements where Netsuma lived.
It was a place of great nostalgia to Shiro.

.

Hating how she had been made a subject of worship for Held devotees, Shiro had fled from the place where she was born.

At the end of her wandering she arrived here at Zenosai Village, and it was here that she met friends who were Netsuma like herself—as well as a mercenary who would later become her adopted father.

He was also a white-haired Netsuma, and a master sniper.

Shiro had learned how to use a gun from him. To both protect herself and to change her timid nature.

Before she knew it, Shiro was running onto the field of battle alongside her adoptive father. It was what she had wanted for herself. He would praise her for her achievements in these battles, despite looking somewhat bitter about it.

Chiefly she would fight Asmodean anti-government militia, but once she wound up going as far as the continent of Maistia far across the ocean. That was to rescue a friend of her adoptive father who was caught in a predicament down there.

She’d been able to safely rescue this friend’s life—at the cost of her adoptive father’s.

In her despair, Shiro had then thrown herself into a small-scale civil war going on in Maistia.

It was there that she had been noticed by the commander of the Freezis Conglomerate, and hired on as his bodyguard—

All of this is a summarization of things that Shiro had told Bruno while under the influence of alcohol.

.

The people of Zenosai Village were glad to see the soldiers, and welcomed them in most courteously.

To this village that was near the border of the country, the soldiers of the USE were a promising sight.
As the soldiers all went to relax on their own, Shiro was entrusted with guarding Tony.

“Sorry. I’m sure you want to get some rest too, but these are regulations,” Tony told her apologetically.

“There’s no issue here. I know that the front-line soldiers and the generals and officers take precedence when it comes to taking a breather.”

“Well, it’ll be time for a shift change soon. Just try to hold out until then—I’d like to clean my face off, do you know where I can get some water?”

“There should be a small river if you go down that side street, although at this time of year I’d think it’s most likely frozen over.”

“’Should be’? Is this where you’re from?”

“No, although I did live here for a time.”

“Then I’m even more sorry. …I guess I’ll just have to give up on the water. It’d be a bit of a bother to melt snow solely to wash my face.”

Tony told her that he’d like to look around the village, and so Shiro ended up accompanying him.

When they reached the village square, two women ran up to Shiro’s side.

“Shiro! If it isn’t Shiro!”

Upon seeing them, Shiro’s face lit up.

“Hua, and Mido! Long time no see!”

Tony watched them hug from off to the side, and then asked Shiro, “Friends of yours?”

“Yeah. From long ago—Er—”

“Oh, go on, I don’t mind. I was just thinking that I might like to take a smoke around here. You talk as you like while I do,” Tony said, pulling out a cigarette from his pocket.

“—Thank you.” After thanking Tony, Shiro then started to engage in a lively conversation with her old friends. “Have you been doing alright? Hua?”

“Well, I’ve been having to take care of my husband and my kid every day, so that’s been a pain in the butt.”

“I see…That sounds rough. Mido?”

“I’m in the same boat. –What about you, Shiro? You’re of a good age, you must be married by now.”

“…Um…uh…sorry.”

“She said it! You just said your catchphrase, ‘um…uh…sorry’!”

“No…it’s not really a catchphrase…”

With a side glance to the chattering and giggling women, Tony began to wander around, puffing on his cigarette.

–A young Netsuma girl carrying a flower basket approached him then.

“—Mister.”
“Hm? What is it, little miss?”

“Are you a general, mister?”

“Indeed I am. I’m the most distinguished general in this army,” Tony said, patting the girl on the head.

“I see—then, this is for you.”

The girl stuck her hand into her flower basket.

“Oh, do you have a flower to give to me?”

.

What the girl brought out—was dynamite with the fuse lit.

.

“—Wha!?”

Hearing Tony’s scream, Shiro rapidly turned in his direction and noticed what the girl was holding.

“General!”

She immediately launched herself at Tony’s body and knocked him away.

–Immediately afterward there was an explosion, and fire rained on the square.

“Ghu–!?”

Tony was stunned, but he didn’t seem to have been significantly harmed.

But Shiro’s right leg had been caught up in the blast…and it was miserably charred black.
It was still attached, but only barely.

There was no sign of the girl who had been in the blast radius, nor Hua and Mido.

They had likely been blown away without a trace by the dynamite explosion.

“—They’re enemies! This town has fallen into Asmodean hands!”

Nearby soldiers had already taken up battle stances before Tony started screaming.

The people of the village watched on in agitation.

“Kill them! Kill all the villagers! If you don’t, they’ll do it to us!”

Shiro tried to stop Tony in a panic as he gave those orders to the soldiers.

“Wait! We don’t know that for sure y—”

There was no doubt that that girl had been an assassin from Asmodean.

But just as Shiro had said, perhaps it had been just that one girl, by chance. Perhaps the other villagers hadn’t known anything.

–But Tony wasn’t in any state to listen to her.

“Do it! Now! That’s a direct order!”

He had gone completely deranged.

He stood, and picked up his gun with shaking hands.

–Tony had never commanded a large unit like this as a general until this point.

He had never taken part in a large-scale war that went up against an entire country.
The only direct battles that he had participated in were against shoddy militiamen or sluggish dead soldiers.

He had already been made general by the time the dead soldiers had started to mutate, and so by then he wasn’t standing on the front lines.

Despite being a military man, Tony had never before felt death so close to himself.

Evillious had simply been too peaceful up until that point.

–But now it was different.

“AAAAAAAGH!”

Tony started firing blindly.

The unresisting villagers fell with a clatter.

“Please stop, General! –I said stop!”

Shiro tried to grab at Tony while dragging along her leg.

“Shut up!”

Tony turned to her, the rifle in his hands.

And then, without thinking, he pulled the trigger.

“Ah…”

“—Huh—”

The bullet left Tony’s gun.

It flew straight to Shiro’s chest.

And then it pierced right through her.
“…Bruno…”

That became Shiro’s last word.
