These spectacles by the name of “trials”—when was it that Gallerian had first made them into a farce, I wonder.

Was it when he declared Bindi innocent? Was it what happened with Loki? Or perhaps it was when he first acted as head judge in Ma’s trial.

No, now that I think on it, it was the first trial that Gallerian had been witness to—when he was a baby, and Elluka had received the death penalty.

From birth, he had always been involved in sham trials.

.

“I shall declare my verdict.”

Head judge Gallerian’s calm voice rang through the courtroom.

The visitor’s gallery was packed with people. This spoke to how closely society was watching this trial.

“Kill the vicious general!” someone from the gallery shouted.

As the courtroom began to fall into an uproar, Gallerian pounded the gavel he held in his hand twice.

“Silence.”
With just that single, calm word, the courtroom immediately fell silent.

The power to command the room—you could say that was one of the abilities sought after by a head judge.

…Looking at Gallerian now, I couldn’t help but feel as though I was seeing what Hanma Baldured had once been.

I know what happened to him after he left the Dark Star Bureau.

But I have no need to explain that here.

This is Gallerian’s story, not Hanma’s.

“Defendant Tony Ausdin—is innocent.”

Just as expected, the gallery exploded into chaos and shouts from Gallerian’s pronouncement.

“You’re bullshitting me!”

“There’s no way you’ll get away with this tyranny!”

Most of them were leveled at Tony and Gallerian.

He ignored them, and proceeded on to explain the reasons for his verdict.

–To sum up, he essentially accepted Tony’s version of events.

That the act of the second division was a just deed, committed due to the possibility of the Zenosai villagers having defected to the enemy, and to protect their unit.

His reasoning was that it was a villager who attacked first, and thus the unit’s counterattack was not an issue in wartime conditions.

Second Lieutenant Shiro Netsuma’s death was an accident due to a gun misfire, and not through any error of the defendant…And so on.
After finishing his explanation, Gallerian announced amidst the continuing racket:

“Court is adjourned.”

Then he struck his gavel one last time.

After taking a look at Tony’s satisfied smile, Gallerian stood and started to head for the exit.

–There was a figure in the final row of the visitor’s gallery who quietly watched him go.

It was the former sergeant major of the USE allied forces, Gammon Octo.

He had quit the military after his older brother’s trial. It seemed that presently he had become a member of the “Tasan” party in Elphegort.

After Gallerian left the courtroom, Gammon muttered to himself, “…Now you’re finished. Gallerian Marlon.”

.

Just as he said, this was to be—the final trial Gallerian would conduct as head judge.

There to greet Gallerian when he returned to the director’s room was Bruno, Hel, and Feng.

“Oh, what’s wrong? You’re all three here.”

Hel stood in front of Gallerian as he cheerfully took his seat, and declared:

“—I’ve decided to quit PN and the Dark Star Bureau, effective today.”

“…What!? You can’t just do that without permission from—” As Gallerian thoughtlessly moved to stand, Hel smacked his cheek with the palm of her hand. “…What are you thinking, Hel?”
“I’ve had enough. First it was Bindi, and now you’ve declared Tony innocent. –Tony, the man who murdered our friend Shiro. I’ve tried to put up with it, but I can no longer stand to be by your side. I don’t want my child to be ashamed of me, working for such a corrupt man as you.”

“…Were you not watching the trial? Shiro’s death was an accident.”

“Like I’d believe you after you accepted a bribe from the defendant!”

“That’s nothing but a rumor!”

Bruno moved between the two of them as they shouted at each other.

“—Director. We’ve received word from our secret intelligence unit. It seems that the Tasan party in Elphegort has obtained information that Tony’s defense attorney deposited money into your account. They’ve already started on the proceedings to indict you for this.”

“…Why did you not inform me of this before the trial!?”

“I only heard about it just now. After you had already gone ahead and declared your verdict. Tasan also apparently intends to investigate into suspicious areas of your past as well, Director.”

Gallerian turned back to Hel.

“I see. So you heard all that and thus hardened your resolve to leave me. –Hey, Feng. She struck me just now. That’s an act of assault. …Arrest Hel!”
But Feng didn’t move. Instead, he said to Gallerian, “Sorry, but I’m also no longer a member of PN.”

“…You’re abandoning me too!?”

“That’s not it. You betrayed us first, Gallerian. That I’ve obeyed you for this long was out of my sense of duty for you…But you threw that away yourself.”

“—Tch.” Gallerian pulled out a pistol from a drawer in his desk and pointed the muzzle at Feng. “If you two are to become my enemies, then I’ll kill you right here.”

“Hold on. I don’t know what’ll happen if that goes off in a place like this, and I don’t think you know either. And anyway…I wouldn’t be felled so easily by a peashooter like that. It’d be simple enough to rip out your throat before I die, at the very least.”

“…”

Appearing to give up on thoughts of detaining them, Gallerian quietly put the gun down.

“Gallerian. We’re leaving the Dark Star Bureau…but we don’t intend to become your enemy. We have no designs on your life—Though I won’t deny that I have thought about it. You need to face the judgment of the law, after all. The law that you twisted to your own ends.” Feng turned around, and said finally, “…For that’s what you yourself believed in, once.”

Then he left the room with Hel in tow.

.

Gallerian and Bruno were left alone in the director’s room.

“—What do you intend to do?” Gallerian asked Bruno.

“…Nothing. Only continue to serve you as I have done.”

“Your friends have left me. That just leaves Ma and—and two dead soldiers, a serial killer, and an inscrutable mail carrier. …You’re the only one who’s decent.”

“I wonder at that. I might just be the craziest of us all. I haven’t turned on you yet, despite these circumstances.”

“Why? Why have you not betrayed me?”

Bruno replied, chuckling faintly, “If I wanted to, I would have done so long ago. …To speak frankly, right now you are just as Feng says—you’ve forgotten the convictions you once held. You’re trash. Even if you have Michelle.”

“…”

“But I suppose it’s enough that there be at least one person who will stand by such trash until the end.…Just like the ‘Servant of Evil’, who once remained as an ally to the prideful princess, the ‘Daughter of Evil’, even dying in her place.”

“What, did you borrow that book from Ma and read it too?”

“Unfortunately I look nothing like you, so I wouldn’t make much of a body double, Director,” Bruno said, this time laughing more openly.

.

Several days later, just as Bruno’s information said, the Tasan party moved to indict Gallerian.

But contrary to expectation, they weren’t able to arrest him immediately. On Gallerian’s request Bindi had made preparations beforehand in secret, forbidding the World Police from acting.

–But this in turn invited the worst possible result.

Losing their temper, the Tasan Party leaked all of their information on the corruption of Gallerian and those around him to all forms of mass media.

These changes affecting the world that still hadn’t stopped, the continuing warfare—already miserable from these things, the hearts of the populace were ignited by these reports on the corruption that enfolded their government, their military, and their justice system.

.

On September 4th, year 983, a portion of the people in Holy Levianta’s capital Alicegrad started an uprising.

And from there, Levianta was engulfed in the flames of a civil war.
