♣ Yukina ~In the Beelzenian Empire, “Rucolebeni
~ Highway to the Imperial Castle”~

After taking a short rest in the bar, Chartette and I found
a horse-drawn carriage partway along and quickly made way to the emperor’s
castle.

The monster’s corpse was taken away somewhere by the
palace guards, who finally caught up to us. Apparently there wasn’t just one
monster–two others had been terrorizing other places in town, and the guards
had been stuck trying to deal with them.

“Is the missus alright? She seemed pretty worked up…”

“I'll…tell you all about it when we get to the
castle.”

I needed to sort the information in my head to be able to
talk properly.

Suddenly I came to hear a thunderous roar from the open
field to my right.

“Miss Chartette, over there!”

I pointed at a large unit of soldiers in red armor who were
dashing through the field. It looked like they were headed for Rucolebeni.

“That’s the main body of Beelzenia’s army corps.
Maybe the palace guards reported to them a step ahead of us. Even so that’s a
lotta people.” Had they not been told that Chartette and the palace guards
had already taken care of the situation? “Although, feels like a lot of
people to handle just three monsters, don’t it?”

We gazed at the military unit in a daze. Our hearts and
our bodies were already exhausted.

I had just started considering taking a nap until we got
to the castle when the shock of the sight that entered my vision next made me
immediately spring up on full alert.

“Miss Chartette. I don’t think that’s an excessive
amount of soldiers…”

There was Beelzenia’s red troops.

And the white mass that appeared beyond them.

It was a military force equal in number–no, greater–than that of the army corps. It was made entirely of white monsters.
