–By Lemy Abelard’s death, the duel had broken from its stalemate.

.

The “Red Cat Sorceress” didn’t have any allies left. She fought hard against two extremely strong sorceresses. But she was starting to reach her limit.

The blue flames that Irina created were little more than flickers, no longer carrying any real heat to them. There was no need to dodge them. Even if they made contact, they couldn’t even burn Elluka and Gumillia’s clothing.

Gumillia and Elluka were both exhausted too.

But the two of them still had reserves left.

When she saw Elluka’s faint smile from the side, Gumillia figured that if things kept up this way they would be able to overcome their enemy, somehow.

–Her back against the wall, Irina fell to her knees. She had both arms held up, but there was no longer any fire burning there.

“—It’s over.”

Elluka pushed along the wheels on her wheelchair herself, and approached Irina. Then she raised her right hand in front of her, and started to gather lightning there.

Gumillia watched her from behind.

That was because she had judged that this resolution was something Elluka should do herself.

“…Wait,” Irina murmured, breathless.
“What? It’s too late for you to beg for your life.”

“Didn’t I tell you? Even if you kill this body, I won’t die. My true body is the cat plushy—are you truly going to kill Germaine, who has no part in this?”

“But as long as the body you control remains active, we can’t stop your progress. And—by all rights Germaine surpassed her own lifespan a long time ago. Now I can only pity her, being used as your puppet. So…I will put an end to it.”

“…Then how about this?”

Irina abruptly collapsed, as though she were a puppet whose string had been cut.

Face down, ceasing in all movement.

“You’ve—”

“—The spell is broken. She is no longer my puppet.”

So saying, a red cat appeared from behind Pale Noel’s grave.

“…There you are. What’s the meaning of this? You covering for Germaine like this.”

“Just because I’ve used this body for so long. I have attachments, in my own way. I don’t wish to see it destroyed by you.”

“I see. Though, well, I would have spared her by making it quick.”

Elluka turned the hand full of lightning towards the red cat.

“…There’s one thing I haven’t told you.” The red cat closed its eyes, speaking in a calm tone. “I can hardly use any magic at all in this form.”
“Well, I know that much. That’s why you take over people.”

“However. The person who created this cat plushy…was Seth Twiright. You remember him?”

“The scientist of the Magic Kingdom who was behind ‘Project Ma’, wasn’t he?”

“…Sounds like you are properly in possession of your memories as ‘Elluka Chirclatia’. But then, those too—are false memories.”

The red cat started to give off light. Its fur sparkled the seven colors of the rainbow, and the inside of the cave grew ever yet brighter.

“Seth inserted something quite interesting in the plushie’s heart cavity. You can’t tell from outside, but it’s a device, so small as to look like a fragment of something. –The ‘Blackbox Type S’—He left it as a last resort…which I will use here!”

The light being emitted from the cat grew in intensity.

“Lu li la…lu lia la…”

There were several ancient machines that had existed in the Magic Kingdom.

A very characteristic operating noise could be heard coming from the cat’s body.

“–!? Gumillia, get down!”

Just as Elluka screamed, the red cat exploded.
Black smoke and a cloud of dust flew into the air.

There was nowhere to run in the narrow cave.

“…!”

Gumillia gripped a nearby rock to keep from being blown away by the shockwave.

.

Gumillia braced for death.

That’s how powerful it was.
