–She was in a temple

It was filled with countless white pillars, and there was a long staircase that moved through them. At the other end of it there was what looked like a single pillar that was even larger than the rest of them.

Gumillia had seen buildings like this in Holy Levianta before. It was, as she recalled, what the locals referred to as a “temple”.

Only, Leviantan temples hadn’t been this clean. The pillars had been cracked in several places, and the bronze statues had been rusting.

Without yet understanding how she had gotten here, Gumillia began to climb the stairs. She had lost consciousness after being caught up in the red cat’s explosion, and when she’d woken up she’d been here.
Had the red cat—Irina—died?

Where had Elluka gone off to?

Seeking those answers, Gumillia continued to go up the stairs. That was all she could do. Because this temple didn’t have an exit.

This probably wasn’t a normal space.

Maybe she’d been thrown here by Irina’s last spell.

There was no scent of anything living in the air. She couldn’t detect any signs of life that would be in a forest, or a city, or a cave.

Maybe Gumillia had died from the blast. Whether from the impact of the blast itself, or from being crushed by a falling rock—If so, was this Heaven? Could a spirit that had been reincarnated into a human even go to Heaven?

These were long stairs.

It seemed to Gumillia that they might be endless, even.

But there was an end point. That base of the enormous white pillar must have been the top of the stairs.

Believing in that, she pressed on.

.
As she got closer to the top, the enormous pillar’s shape grew clearer to her. Rather than a pillar, it looked more like a giant fountain pen, or perhaps a lance. Its tip tapered to a point, and the main body had taken on a peculiar glossiness.

When she finally reached the top of the stairs, it spread into an open square. She realized that the enormous fountain pen that she’d been looking at this whole time was standing in the center of this square.

And at the very base of the fountain pen was a lone woman.

Her long pink hair was tied up at the back, and she was wearing red clothing and a red choker on her person.

“Ah, Gumillia, you’ve arrived,” she spoke up. Though they were separated by considerable distance, her voice sounded loud enough that they might as well have been next to each other.

Upon hearing her voice, Gumillia immediately realized that she was Irina.

“Is this, your true form?”

“Yes. It’s my appearance from when I was still human…The remaining three will be coming up shortly. When they do, let’s begin.”

Gumillia looked around her.

There weren’t any figures there other than Irina, but she noticed four stairways in each direction of the square. Excluding the one Gumillia had come up from, three. Each of them extended below the space.

Someone was coming up one of them.

It looked like a young woman wearing a black maid’s uniform. Gumillia felt a feeling of discomfort at her appearance, but didn’t quite know the reason why herself.

She first turned to Irina, then Gumillia, and looked a little bit surprised.

“It’s been a while since I’ve met ‘humans’ like this…Or no, I guess you aren’t.” She pointed to Gumillia. “Now that I’ve got a good look at you, you’re Gumillia, aren’t you? Never thought the day would come I’d be seeing you again.”

“I don’t, know you.”

Today must have been the day for strangers to be overly familiar with her.

Gumillia let her discomfort show on her face.

“I see. Maybe you’ve lost your memories because of that ‘rule’ established by the Third Period. Oh well. …And as for you,” this time the woman in the maid uniform indicated Irina, “You aren’t a proper ‘human’ either. You’re a ‘ghoul child’ Seth made by copying off of me.”

Irina said nothing in reply.

She only continued to glare, wordlessly.

Unable to grasp the situation, Gumillia spoke up to Irina, “Irina, who in the world, is she—”

“—Someone else is coming.”

Another new figure made their way up the stairs.

A woman with green pigtails.
Michaela—The name of the girl who had once been a fellow spirit like Gumillia sprang suddenly to mind. But she immediately shook off the thought.

Michaela didn’t have such cold eyes.

Then that meant she was—

“…Eve Moonlit.”

Yes, the “Sleep Princess”.

But she was sure she’d been taken over by Elluka. Gumillia couldn’t understand what she was doing here.

She could hear footsteps from the remaining set of stairs. The last person was climbing up.

They were, once again, a woman.

She had short, bobbed blonde hair, and was wearing a white doctor’s coat.

Frankly, Gumillia had thought that the last person would be Elluka. But the woman who’d shown up didn’t bear even the slightest resemblance to her. If anything, her face looked more like the woman in the maid uniform who’d shown up earlier.

The woman in the white coat looked at the four people who were in the square, and then silently cast her eyes down, as though having come to comprehend something.

Once again Gumillia asked Irina, “Irina, what in the world, is this? This place, and these people? I don’t know what this means. Where has Elluka—“

“Elluka is dead,” Irina cruelly replied.
For a moment, Gumillia was at a complete loss for words. Nonetheless she somehow regained her composure and asked Irina the specifics. “…So she must have been, caught up in the blast after all—"

“No, that’s not it. Elluka died a very long time ago. I killed her six hundred years ago.”

“…”

Gumillia knew what she was getting at.

And she finally understood the situation.

Irina had realized the truth—that “Elluka Clockworker” wasn’t “Elluka”.

“If you mean to ask where your teacher—‘Elluka Clockworker’—is, then…she’s right there.”

The person Irina pointed to as she looked to the side was the woman in the white coat, still looking down.

Gumillia slowly approached her, and said, “Have you—remembered everything?”

The white-garbed woman nodded. “Yeah. To tell the truth, I remembered back when I took Eve into myself.”

“I see—“ Gumillia placed her palm on the woman’s right cheek. “So this is your true face…your true form. Elluka…No—“

Gumillia cut herself off.

And, nodding to strengthen her resolve, murmured her true name.

.

“—Levia.”
