…… Oh no, Kyle’s love is……

That night, Lucifenian soldiers set fire to the Forest of Bewilderment.

♠Germaine~Lucifenia Kingdom’s “Forest of Bewilderment”~

“Here! Carry the water here!”

“It’s not working! The fire is spreading too quickly! It’s unstoppable!”

“Ahhhh…… The forest…… The forest is burning.”

In just one day, the flame engulfed half of the forest. Although I called a whole crowd to extinguish it, it’s totally meaningless.

“It seems that it’ll soon spread to Elphegort’s Thousand-Year Tree’s Forest.”
Minage muttered by my side. He was originally an immigrant from Elphegort.

“We won’t be using our base temporarily…… But it’s just a matter of time.”

“We could always build a new base; what’s important now is extinguishing the fire.”

Behind, York and Sekka spoke as they desperately carried water.

“Stop! Stop the extinguishing at once!”

Abruptly, a group of Lucifenian soldiers riding on horses appeared in front of us.

“You’re actually telling us to stop the fire…… If we don’t act quickly, the whole forest would be burned!”
Mark protested in disbelief. However, the Lucifenian soldier’s answer was more surprising.

“That’s no use. Because this fire is a direct order from Queen Riliane; the fire was done on purpose.”

“Fuck! What is the Queen thinking!? Exactly why……”

“To pave the way so that we could attack Elphegort.”

“In order to…… attack Elphegort?!”
Minage was stunned by the soldier’s words.

Why attack Elphegort? Over several decades, any political conflict between the two countries didn’t occur. Rather, shouldn’t I say it was always
harmonious? Is there any evidence before the food support?

And…… Just to invade another country, burn the forest? Are you kidding ah! Although very few, there are people living in the forest ah! Does
she intend to burn them to death with it?!

As I was getting ready to refute the Lucifenian soldiers——

——Plop——

I felt something on my cheek. Water? I looked up and saw the blue sky gather up dark clouds; it started to rain.

Instantly, the rain changed…… into a powerful rainstorm I have never seen before.
