♠Germaine~Lucifenia Kingdom's "Avadonia Residence"~

The members of the Resistance had gradually increased, we're already prepared to go in an orderly manner, but information about the palace is
still scarce.

At this critical moment, a visitor suddenly enters the room. Although a bit surprised, I was able to entertain her at home and prepared her
some soup and bread.

Her head was covered with a cloak that she doesn't remove; she began to talk about the status of the Palace & Elphegort.

"The Green Hunting"…… I've heard rumors about it but I never thought that it would be so miserable……

And to think that the war is all because of the Queen's love disputes! I was beyond the limits of my anger as I stared at her.

She also told me some interesting information about the war. And then, she said she had somewhere to go to after eating.

I watched her leave and thought deeply.

The war sacrificed millions of people, and that's very heartbreaking.

—— However, on the contrary, isn't this a chance? ——

I can't afford to waste such rare information……however……

H…… How exactly am I going to do it?

♦Allen~Lucifenian Palace's "Servant's Room"~

Returning to the palace, I found Riliane & Ney talking in the Servant's Room.

"About what I said... please make it confidential."

"Ah…… Good work. That guy's less useful."

I hardly ever see Riliane this happy. I wonder what they're talking about?

"Riliane, Your Highness, what is it that are you doing? Why are you in the room of the servants?"

I asked aloud. Hearing this, Ney said with a rigid expression:

"I……I think I should leave. Goodbye."

Then, she went out the room.

"Allen……Just, sit down."

Riliane's tone was evidently angry.

"Where have you been?"

"Oh, we've ran out of Spring Onions, so I went out and bought some."

"Oh, Spring Onions? What kind of Spring Onions? The Spring Onions are still alive, right?"
