He had met with the spirit, Lich.

Was this pure chance for Nyoze? Or an inevitability?

“Lich…do you know?”

“Know what?”

Nyoze told Lich all about the circumstances that had led him to this point.

.

That he’d been drawn into some bizarre space at the ruin of the castle, and that he’d met with his older brother there—

That said brother had ordered him to kill the “Twins of God”—

And that he’d met with the ghost of Meta at the house where Adam had lived with his wife—

.

After hearing him out, Lich nodded several times, as though to settle it all in his own mind.

“Mhm, mhm, I see…So you’re from Levianta, then.”

“Yeah. About that Catastrophe—”

“Naturally, I know all about that. I’m one of the interested parties.”

“…? Aren’t you a denizen of this forest?”

“I only came here just recently. Or rather…it might be more accurate to say I was forced to come here.”
“…?”

“When the ark ‘Sin’ was thrown open, and the Catastrophe occurred…an enormous dragon and six lights appeared from inside…Isn’t that right?”

“Yeah.”

It was the sight he’d glimpsed in Irina’s memory.

“One of those six lights…was me.”

“–! Then you’re—”

“For a long…long time, we were locked up inside that ‘Sin’…That’s all I can remember. The moment we were unleashed from it, we were drawn over to this forest.”

“—You told me that you weren’t a ‘god’. But if you were inside the ‘Sin’ along with LeviaBehemo…Does that mean that you and your fellows were ‘spirits’ that served LeviaBehemo?”

“I’m not sure…I actually don’t know that much myself. We had our memories stolen from us by that being known as Held right after we came here. And we were changed into these animal forms. But as to who we were, and why we were locked up in there—”

“You don’t know, and you can’t remember…”

A being that had lost his identity.

But he didn’t seem to be hostile to Nyoze, at the very least.

“What is Held’s objective? Why did he draw you all here?” Nyoze asked.
“I don’t know that very clearly either, but…I can tell he doesn’t think very well of us. Not just us, but LeviaBehemo too. At the outset, Held had originally planned to draw in LeviaBehemo’s soul as well. It appears as though he failed.”

“LeviaBehemo…Where did that dragon disappear to? I haven’t heard anything of it being sighted in other nearby countries since the Catastrophe.”

“Well first, the dragon itself isn’t all that important. That’s little more than a soulless vessel. Something like that wouldn’t have survived for very long, I should think…About now it’s probably withering away somewhere in a place away from prying eyes, yes? LeviaBehemo, and their soul—must surely still exist elsewhere.”

“Hmm…Then, what about your friends, who got turned into animals? Are they in this forest right now?”

“…They would have been.”

“What do you mean?”

“Around the same time as we had our memories stolen from us, we were put under a different curse. But—perhaps it might be better to conduct this conversation where it happened.”

Lich alighted from the branch and headed off somewhere.

“Hey! Where are you going?”

Nyoze hurried after him.

The destination they arrived at was the burned-out house he’d just been to.
“Just when I was wondering where you would go…here again, huh?”

Lich was waiting for Nyoze, having landed down on the ruin’s roof. “There was a matter that greatly interested me in the story that I’d heard from you earlier…and it would be this.”

So saying, Lich approached the small clump of mud—the remains of what had once been Meta Salmhofer.

“Was it just a ghost, or was that soul making itself manifest by donning a shell of mud…Hmhm, in either case it’s most interesting. I’d like to look into that properly once I have the time,” Lich murmured to himself as he walked around the mud.

“…You sound almost like you’re some scholarly bird.”

“Do I? Maybe I really was a scholar, before I became like this. I can’t remember.”

“Did you come here just to look at the mud?”

“There was that, but…More important is the matter of the man called Seth. What he did here, and what happened after—”

“That’s it. That’s something I’d quite like to know!”

“My my…Very well. You have told me of a great many things, and so I suppose I need to repay the favor. And if Seth wishes to prevent your interference, then I would like to take the opposite action.”

“Why?”

“Because I hate him. Seth…I don’t know the reason, but I feel an unspeakable loathing at his very existence.”

Perhaps something had happened between them before Lich had lost his memories.

Naturally, that wasn’t Nyoze’s place to know.

“How will I learn of it? Can you…make those gears materialize as well–?”

“I cannot. But there will be no need for that. I saw the whole thing from start to finish with my own eyes.”

“What!?”

“So I will simply tell it all to you. The story of Seth’s deed—how he used the ‘Twins of God’ to unleash the ‘Demons of Deadly Sin’ upon the world.”
