Is that the song of birds that I can hear?

No, that is the cry of the forest.

Is that the light of the moon that’s shining?

No, that’s the burning fire.

.

A black bird that had its memory stolen from it and been forced into living in the forest was flying through the air today in search of food.

The impact of the “black wind” was grave, and fruits were few and far between. Even so, there was ample food left to satisfy the hunger of an omnivorous bird such as himself.

Tree fruits, animal corpses, earthworms…Anything was fine. Lich had no hangups about food, and as long as its quantity could fill his stomach, that was good enough.

It should have been simple for him to leave the forest by just continuing to fly in this way.

But he couldn’t do it.

A large tree with a will of its own named Held had cursed Lich to be so.

Any time he got close to getting out of the forest, his body would rapidly lose strength, and his vision would blur. Lich would have no choice but to pull back deeper into the forest before he fell and collided with the ground.

Held was the only one who could undo the curse.

Still, maybe if he were to wither, and his power grew weaker—

But unlike the other trees, Held showed no sign of being affected by the “black wind”. And in this bird body of his, it seemed unlikely he’d be able to do any damage to the great tree.

…I guess I’ll need to get ask for his help after all.

He required the aid of someone much stronger than himself.

.

After he’d flown for a little ways, he spied two animals facing each other.

A big bear, and a small pig.

If anyone not in the know saw them, it would probably seem to them like the bear was going to attack and eat the pig.
But the reality was different.

“…No harvest today either, huh? Honestly, what a useless lout you are.”

The bear hung its head in shame and apologized to the pig that was heaping abuse upon it. “I’m sorry…Vlad.”

“Is that gargantuan body of yours just for show? Go out and look! More carefully this time!”

“Okay…”

Lich landed between the two of them and chided the pig, “How about you go look for your own food, Vlad?”

“Lich…You again. Why are you always sticking up for a simpleton like Eater?”

“He’s an animal that’s been living in this forest a lot longer than we have. It’s only natural to pay respect to the original inhabitants here.”

The bear turned its big face to Lich, eyes growing moist. “Brother Liiich…”

“Erm…I’ve told you this many times before, but I am not your big brother, Eater.”

“I know. But I can’t help but wanna call you that.”

The pig, Vlad, let out a loud snort. “I know what your end goal here is, Lich. You’re planning to have Eater try to break the tree of Held, right?”

“…”

“Give it up. Eater doesn’t have that kind of pluck. Aside from us ‘Six of the Lights’, there’s no one in this forest with the kind of willpower to go against Held.”

The “Six of the Lights” that Vlad referred to were the spirits that had landed in the forest as bundles of light two years ago.

Lich, Vlad, and also Gilles, Rahab, Marie, and Salem.

They had all been changed to animals, and were living in the forest.

As they’d had all memories outside of their names taken from them, they even couldn’t recall what relation they’d all had with each other.

But there was something they all acknowledged among themselves.

That they were “criminals, and prisoners”.

That was why they’d continued to be sealed away in the ark, and why even now they were locked up in this forest.

Held was probably their warden. The notion of these “Six of the Lights”…and LeviaBehemo, scattering across the world…must have frightened him more than anything.

.

A different bird flew down from the sky.

It was an owl. Upon seeing him, a nocturnal creature by nature, Lich finally noticed that the sun was going down.

“Good evening, Salem.” Lich greeted the owl, who was one of Lich’s fellow “Six of the Lights”. “How unusual to see you here with the rest of us, always going at your own pace.”

“You’re the one who goes your own pace, Lich…But let’s leave that aside for now—Come with me, quickly.”

“…? Where?”

“There’s a human’s house a little bit northeast from here.”

“Ah yes, a husband and wife and their children lived there up until a short while ago. Though I haven’t seen them around lately.”

“Indeed. Something…interesting is happening there.”

“…Very well, let’s go.”

Salem turned to Vlad. “You come too, Vlad.”

“Ha? Why should I listen to anything you tell me to do?”

“Sigh…What a nuisance. You’re fickle and stubborn every time I meet you. Just come with us. It’ll probably be a good deal for you too.”

“…Well, whatever. It’s gotta be more lively than tormenting this bear here.”

“Do you know the place? You can’t fly, and you’re much too heavy for us to carry you. You’ll have to run.”

Eater flusteredly looked between the three of them, and then finally turned to face Salem.

“Um…What should I do?”

“Who are you?”

“Um…I’m Eater…the bear.”

“Sorry, but this has nothing to do with you. You should just stay put and relax over here.”

“…But…” Eater gazed at Lich with consternation. “Big brother Lich, what should I do?”

“Yes—You really should just wait here. It feels like Salem’s proposition…might be a bit dangerous.”

“…”

“I’ll come back right away. And we’ll go look for something to eat together. Over at the western river…We can probably catch some fish there.”

“O-okay!”

Eater nodded emphatically.

.

With a full moon shining in the sky, Lich, Salem, and Vlad all headed to the house to the northeast.
