Three animals were already waiting for Lich and the others before the small shack.

“You’re late, birds!” the rat Marie screeched at Lich and Salem.

“No need to get so grumpy, girl. We came as fast as we could.”
Marie abruptly turned her face away, not paying any heed to Salem’s justification.

“…I don’t see Vlad with you?” said the ram, Gilles.

Fastened to his waist was a jar full of water.

A fish—Rahab—suddenly poked her head out from inside. “With his stubby legs it would take him a bit longer to reach this spot, don’t you think?”

Eventually Vlad showed himself, completely out of breath and sprinting in their direction.

“Wheeze…I finally made it…All of the ‘Six of Lights’ out in full force…Salem, just what is going on here?”

At Vlad’s question, Salem looked up at the small hut before them.

“It—would be faster to ask the man inside.”

“A man? The owner of the house?”

“No…At least, I don’t think it is.”

Salem rapped on the door once or twice with his beak.

“—Welcome, enter,” they heard in reply from inside.

Then the door opened.

.

Inside the small house there were various items all set out systematically on the floor, as though for some sort of ritual.

A glass, a spoon, a mirror, swords…

And in the very center of it all were two slumbering children.

“Welcome, ‘Six of the Lights’…It’s been a long time.”

Lich turned in the direction of the voice and saw a single old man standing in a lean against the wall in the corner of the room.

“A long time? Were you…an acquaintance of ours?”

“We were friends, in the distant past. Though we ended up parting ways and walking different paths… Now, after so many years we’ve been able to reunite.”

“How very interesting. You’re saying you know of our past, then.”

“I do. But I have no intention of telling it to you. We haven’t the time, and I have no way to prove that anything I’m saying is true.”

“Then we can’t trust you, I’m afraid.”

“That’s alright. What’s important is not the past, but the future. I came here to release you all from this forest prison. …That’s all you need understand.”

The old man started to totter over until he was standing over the sleeping children.

“These are the ‘Twins of God’…twins whose bodies can house the souls of gods. Unfortunately, however, we cannot move your souls into them. They were created for LeviaBehemo, after all. But…we can create “vessels” for you, using these twins’ power.

Next, the old man passed his gaze long the articles he had lined up.

“These are the ‘vessels’. Though, I just randomly picked out some items from inside the house. Personally, I don’t think it’s a bad selection.”

The rat, Marie, drew up to one of the items there and looked up at the old man.

“This mirror…It’s got cracks in it.”

“Ah yes, it does. But it’s quite valuable. The owner of the house probably splurged to buy it for his wife. Well, it might break one day and get divided up into three or four mirrors, but that shouldn’t be a big issue. What’s important is not the number, but whether or not it can fulfill the role of ‘vessel’.”

“You’ve been saying that word, but what exactly is a ‘vessel’?”

“You will each have your souls dwell in these items here. Through this, the curse on you will be broken, and you will furthermore be able to live an eternal life.”

“Will our memories return?”

“That…might be a bit tricky. The sealing of your memories was probably caused by the—‘Rules’ of this world. Not even I can overturn them.”

Vlad walked up to the red wineglass, and gave it a sniff.

Then, with dubious eyes he spoke up to the old man, “You would put our souls in these things, without any arms or legs? No way. If that’s the case, I vastly prefer how we are now.”

“But you’ll be able to leave the forest. And…if you feel like it, you can obtain other limbs to use.”

“What do you mean?”

“Through ‘contracts’. Through them, you, as ‘Demons of Deadly Sin’…can freely puppet humans who have contracted with you. In exchange, those humans gain special abilities that would ordinarily be impossible for them.”

The six of them each shared glances with each other.

They were all having trouble inferring if what the old man was saying was true or not.

Lich asked him, “What is your name?”

“Seth. Seth Twiright.”

“Mister Seth. Your proposal is extremely interesting. However…I have just one thing that’s been nagging at me this whole time.”

“Oh my…What is it?”

“You—are already dead.”

The other five animals’ eyes all widened in unison.

It seemed Lich was the only one to have noticed that fact.

“Your body doesn’t show any sign of having blood running through it. And your pupils are blown wide open.”

“…Hahaha, very impressive, Lich.”

Something rushed out of Seth’s sleeve. It slithered up his body, until it was on his shoulder.

It was—a single golden snake.

The snake opened its mouth.

“This is my current form…a snake built from a particular shape memory alloy that I obtained when I was searching for someone.”

“So that means—you’re already a ‘Demon of Deadly Sin’?”

“Exactly right. And now I am able to puppet about my own corpse. Naturally I could do the same to a living human as well.”

“…”

“But you see, I’m lonely all by myself. I want some friends…If you wanted to keep living on as simple animals, that would be alright too…But! I know! Your intelligence! Your ability! Your desire! Could you really be satisfied with letting all of that languish in obscurity!?”

Seth gave a striking speech.

And in response—the first to make concord was the ram, Gilles.

“…It’s true, we can’t…achieve anything like this.”

Next, Vlad and Marie voiced their agreement

“I’m already sick of the food around here.”

“I want to wear pretty dresses. And I want jewels, and to live in a fancy mansion.”

Salem hooted in satisfaction. “My heart was set from the very start. Living in noble poverty isn’t my style.”

Rahab poked her head out from the water in the jug. “I will go with the flow, here…That’s alright to do, every now and then.”

The other five animals aside from Lich had all clearly decided to get on board with Seth’s plan.
“Well then…what about you, Lich?” Seth asked.

“…”

Lich pondered and agonized for a short while.

–And then he made his decision.

“I…believe I will abstain. I made a promise to go to the river with Eater later.”

“Is that truly fine with you?”

“Yes.”

“You haven’t changed…Very well. If you live long, I am sure…we will meet again someday.”

“…”

“But let me say just one word of advice. That Held…Don’t let your guard down around him.”

That was Seth’s advice.

But he needn’t have bothered telling Lich that.

.

When the ark was unleashed, an explosion had occurred…Why was that?

It hadn’t been a simple explosion—that was what Lich thought, at least.

He figured the one who’d rigged up that explosion—was Held.
To keep the people inside the ark from getting out when it opened.

To kill Lich and the others.
