Several days later.
Lich was forcibly taking a reluctant Eater along to where the tree of Held stood.

“It won’t do any good, trying to hurt Lord Held.”

“Scrounge up some determination, Eater. Don’t you want to see the world outside this forest?”

“…Nah, not really.”

“Why not!? Aren’t there things out there that you’ve never heard of? Don’t you want to see them?”

“Um, I dunno…But I might get punished, so…Still, no.”

“…Well, whatever. In that case…How about just trying to break one of his branches? I want to see if doing that alone will weaken Held’s power.”

“I mean if it’s just that…But, no…”

As they were discussing such things, the two of them came right up to where Held was located.

…Hm?
Lich noticed a presence there.

It wasn’t an animal, and it wasn’t Held either—it was a human.

Is someone there?

Lich hid in the shade of a tree alongside Eater, and the two of them wound up spying on the place where Held was.

…Yes, someone really is standing there before the tree of Held…Is that a woman?

It was a human woman wearing a robe.

It wasn’t all that unusual to have residents of the forest coming to the tree of Held to pray.

But this woman—she was very clearly conversing with Held.

“—Thank you, Held. You’ve helped me in supplementing my lost memories.”

“I’m glad to be of service…Then, will you hear out my request?”

“Hmm…Well, I suppose. My time is infinite, anyhow.”

“The swap technique…As long as you have that ability of yours, I’m sure you’ll be able to recover all of the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’ eventually.”

“I don’t mind, as long as it kills some time,” the woman said with a laugh.

“Killing time, hm…Very well. I cannot move from this spot. That is why I ask you in my place…Elluka Clockworker.”

The woman he called Elluka Clockworker nodded, and then went to leave.

Lich had been watching and listening in to this exchange carefully.
Elluka…So she’s an acquaintance of Held…He mentioned a ‘swap technique’. A witch…Is she one of those from the Magic Kingdom?

The more salient point was the words that Held had said, the “Vessels of Deadly Sin”.

He’s probably…talking about the vessels that the “Demons of Deadly Sin” dwell in.

So Held had already learned of their existence.

And now he had just tasked that woman with recovering them.

Held…You must really want to keep us locked away.

Still lying in hiding, Eater quietly spoke up to Lich. “Big brother…What’ll we do?”

“…Let’s pull back for now. It looks like a great deal more is getting started than I thought.”

“Alright, got it.”

The two of them left so as to not be noticed by Held–
