“—And that’s all that I know,” Lich said, bringing his story to a close.

There were many things that Nyoze wanted to ask about, but first and foremost—
“Elluka…She was alive!?”

“The woman you spoke of, and the sorceress that I witnessed…I don’t know if they’re the same person, but I am certain without a doubt that that was the name Held called her by.”

“Right, so there’s a chance that she’s someone else…Actually, the odds of that are probably higher than the alternative.”

“Why do you think that?”

“First, I verified Elluka’s dead body with my own eyes. That at least I’m sure of, she did die. Though naturally…maybe a god could bring her back to life…”

LeviaBehemo had enticed Kiril to the “Sin” using that as a pretext.

Only, that had been nothing more than a lure. It was somewhat doubtful that LeviaBehemo actually had the power to resurrect a dead person.

If they were able to do that, LeviaBehemo would have easily taken possession of the bodies of “Twins of God” a long time ago.

There was one other thing that didn’t coincide between the Elluka that Nyoze had known and the woman who’d appeared in Lich’s story.

“This ‘swap technique’…It’s a very high-grade spell. It’s said there’s hardly anyone who can use it. They would need to have a considerable amount of magical power—”

“You’re saying Elluka did not have that much power?”

“…I can’t say anything for certain. Her ability was high enough to make her suitable for queen. But from what I investigated during the queen selection process, I never found any indication anywhere that Elluka could use the ‘swap technique’.”

“It could be that your investigation wasn’t thorough enough. Is there a chance that she skillfully hid it from you?”

“You say that, but still—”

Now that the Magic Kingdom was destroyed, there was no way to know for certain.

There had indeed been rumors that the shrine maidens of Lighwatch would commune with Held.

But Elluka had given up being a shrine maiden, and in his research he had found no evidence that she had left the country at the time.

“It might be fastest just to meet with this sorceress directly…Lich, do you know where she is now?”

“I can only move about inside this forest. So it’s impossible for me to follow the whereabouts of anyone who leaves it.”

“I see…”

Speaking of people who had left the forest, he was also concerned about what became of those twins.

But of course, this too was something Lich didn’t know.

“Not if they’re alive, nor if they’re dead. …Though, now that they’ve already unleashed the ‘Demons of Deadly Sin’, there’s no point in you hunting those twins down and killing them, yes?”

“I…suppose so.”

“The ‘Demons of Deadly Sin’ will bring destruction…Assuming that your brother’s words are true, then it’s only rational that you should work to recover them, just like that sorceress.”

“Are you…okay with that? These ‘Demons of Deadly Sin’ are your friends, after all.”

“I have no memories. I’m not friend or foe to you. If you’re too discouraged to go on, that’s fine with me too. Even if you find the demons, recover them, and destroy them, then they’re just reaping what they sow.”

“…”

“Well, if a time ever comes where I leave here someday…I hope that it doesn’t result in me having to oppose you.”

Lich looked up.

A beautiful blue sky lay above them.

“Shall we bring this to a close now?” he uttered. “This is probably the first time I’ve ever spoken this long with a human. Most ordinary people tell each other that I’m mischievous, and so will run away from me out of fear.”

“Do the other animals really speak as you do? For example, that…bear that you mentioned in your story, Eater.”

“No. None of the older inhabitants of this forest can understand human speech, nor can they speak it themselves.”

“I see. I’d probably be able to get quite a lot of information if I were able to converse with them.”

“I would keep it to a minimum. Held isn’t as peaceful a being as humans imagine he is. If you pry too closely, you might incur his wrath.”

“I’ll bear that in mind, thank you.”
“Well then—farewell, human.”

At that, Lich flew off into the sky.

.

…

……

………

.

…Or, he was going to.

The black bird once more landed before Nyoze.

“What’s wrong? Did you forget something?” Nyoze asked.

“No…I have one last present to offer you, it seems.”

“…?”

“Or to be more specific, I suppose I should say it’s information. When I looked down from up in the sky just now…I happened to see her. That woman, walking through the forest.”

That woman—
He didn’t need to ask who.

.

It was Elluka Clockworker.
