This work has the theme of “food”, so in the interest of gathering writing material I went out and tried various rare foods.

For example, when it comes to meat the average Japanese person daily eats beef, pork, and chicken—maybe lamb at the most. But there are actually a lot of other edible animals out there. And when it comes to internal organs, even in Japan there’s no small number of places that cook and offer parts outside of the commonly eaten liver and giblets. Though unfortunately there’s no restaurants that trade in human meat. Though even if there were, I don’t think I’d go to them.

As for why rare food ingredients are hardly ever supplied in your average supermarket or restaurant, there is a problem of cost and distribution, being unable to obtain them from scarcity, or just that they simply don’t taste good.

It’s not all that hard to live without eating them. After all, human beings are able to eat a large variety of animals. If I had to go a step further I would say that the concept of a “gourmet” is a privilege that can only be given to a human, and is little more than a luxury to show off an advanced culture.

In that sense, you could say that the protagonist of this novel who sought “the ultimate food”, Banica Conchita, was faithful to the most human desire of all. Perhaps her deeds were not accepted by those around her, but you can’t easily conclude that she was mistaken as a human being. In the end, it was little more than that providence of the natural world, that the weak fear predators.

Around the time I had come up with the plot of the song that serves as the basis for this novel, “Evil Food Eater Conchita”, I was still fairly early into the Deadly Sins Series. Specifically speaking Conchita was the next song I thought about making after “Daughter of Evil”. Only, in my ideas at that time Conchita was a kaiju girl, and in the end she flew into space to eat a meteorite that was heading for Earth.

Things got closer to how they look now after I reworked my idea some more, but at that time Miku had a role in it as a servant alongside Rin and Len. When I made the song I asked Ichika-san, who was in charge of the illustrations for this novel, to make illustrations I could use for the video. However, as there wasn’t a single Miku in sight in any of the completed illustrations, I erased her role accordingly and stealthily deleted her from the chorus. As a final result it made the character composition feel more unified, so ultimately it turned out okay.

As for my going out and trying rare foods that I talked about at the beginning, my personal greatest takeaway is that “deer testicles are surprisingly delicious”. That’s just my personal opinion. The people who ate it with me made some doubtful expressions, so you probably shouldn’t take my word for it. Also, please restrain yourself from bringing me testicles as a gift at an event or something just because I wrote that in here. I don’t generally accept perishables.

.

AkunoP (mothy)
