Section 2 ——The wish for an end ——

♦Allen ~Lucifenia Kingdom's "Hall of Sounds"~

Something bad is happening.

The palace fell into chaos.

“Who are the people attacking?!”

“In Rolde, Rollam citizens are rioting! The Revolutionary Army seems to be formed by the poor class citizens as their core.

“The leader seems to be a female swordsman with red armour! We don’t know who it is yet!”

“The Lucifenian guards are struggling in battle against Rollam! Requesting reinforcement!”

The ministers and members of the royal palace were plunged into chaos. It’s not surprising. Most of them served under Queen Anne’s
Regime… which was the most powerful in the country. They have been accustomed of attacking other countries, but have no experience when
defending.

I was eavesdropping on the hall of sounds and overheard everything as it progressed.

“What are you doing, Allen?”

I looked back and saw standing behind me was Prime Minister Minis.

“You have some nerve to eavesdrop. If you weren’t of royal blood, I would have dragged you to the guillotine and have you beheaded”

“I’m sorry for my rudeness... are you alright?”

“…… Hmm”

Minis ignored my question, and went straight for the in the Hall of Sounds. His pace was stiff and he looked pale, but it seems he’s alright. But—

“Calm down! Really, panicking will do us no good”

Minis thundered the room and it suddenly became quiet.

“I find this hardly a problem. It’s really not a big deal. The revolutionary army is composed of peasants; the middle and upper classes is
something we be worried about... But the number of soldiers on our side gives us an overwhelming advantage! The mercenaries are defending
Rolde and Rollam can just be handled by the soldiers. In addition, the soldiers that attacked Elphegort are coming back! As long as they hurry,
this level of emergency is not to be feared of”

Minis gave clear instructions so that we can recover; we just have to act in accordance of his instructions.

I stood at the door and stared. Minis glanced at my direction.

“......Hmm”

He again ignored me and returned to the room.

Now that I think about it, but it’s kind of silly. Minis is indeed one of the oldest ministers since King Arth’s era. He is indeed worthy of being
called a veteran.
