“Is the meeting finished yet?”

Riliane yawned.

“Allen, what’s for today’s snack?”

The riots lasted for a week.

Though the revolution was soon suppressed as Minis expected.

“Why! Why hasn’t the soldiers from Elphegort returned yet?”

"The retreating soldiers from Elphegort, is being attacked by locals!"

“That degree of harassment should be easily disposed of!”

“It's terrible! Rollam merchants also participated in the revolutionary army”

“What did you say… This cannot be… Keel Freesis is the leader! Immediately locate and arrest Keel Freesis! This will never be forgiven! Once
he is arrested, he will immediately be put to death!”

“We are also struggling in Rolde!”

“Rolde—shouldn’t the mercenaries be handling it?! We gave them a large amount of money, and they can’t even do that!”

“But we, after all, are outnumbered…”

“…… No way. Emergency recall for those who are stationed in the south and east, Retasan Fortress and Babul Desert zone! Do it
immediately! Also… By the way, Marlon! Immediately send a messenger to Marlon! Request reinforcements! We assisted Marlon before with
lots of money; with the current situation… we must at least give it a shot!”

Minis could not hide his anxiety. That command felt like a prayer.

“If you tell Kyle’s brother, he will immediately help us. Big brother will not abandon me, so rest assured”

Contrary to the pale Minis, Riliane was smiling.

A bell was heard from a distance. I quickly approached her.

“Your Royal Highness Riliane, Our snack for today is…”

“Eh? Ah, right. It seems I don’t have an appetite. I will not eat today”

A week later

“Rollam has fallen! Keel Freesis have fled abroad!”

“The Elphegort army is now working with the revolutionary army! There’s no way for them to come back!”

“Retasan Fortress and Babul Desert zone, there was a night raid on their return trip… It’s a heavy loss!”

“Report! In Rolde, an unidentified army corps has taken part with the Revolutionary Army! Like the troupe attacked Retasan and Babul's
soldiers! Mercenary army, near the collapse state!!”
