♠ Germaine ~ Lucifenia “Palace Main Gate” ~

Finally, we have finally arrived here.

In front of the palace, the Lucifenian army has been overthrown by the revolutionary army and we have now reached the main gate.

The road was so far, it was absolutely hard. Numerous companions were injured and some fell.

“Finally, the palace is captured, everything is over!”

Kachess said who was beside me. His left wrist was wounded.

“Yes, but time is running out. We must hurry before the army returning from Elphegort comes back”

For now, Minage is leading the Elphegort people in readying the exhumation of the Lucifenian army. They must soon be put to sleep.

In fact, we were walking on thin ice. If there were any error on our gear, we would have been wiped out. This is how we fought.

“We were lucky Marlon did not send any reinforcements”

I deliberately let my voice be heard by Kachess:

“…… You guys are really bad”

Kachess pressed and held his injured left wrist.

“Are you alright?”

“Ah, not to the point of not being able to fight… But the Venom Mercenary group were unexpectedly strong, especially the leader- Gast
Venom was almost like a monster”

Me, York and Sekka fought with Rollam. Although Sekka had serious injuries, but with the help of the middle class, led by a merchant, we were
able to win.

Rolde was handled by Kachess and his masquerade corps was led by Mark fought against the mercenary group. They won when Venom fled,
however……

“Mark… I’m very sorry”

Kachess lowered his head to me.

“You do not need to apologize. It is war after all”

“Gast Venom…… was insanely strong. If it weren’t for Mark’s suicide, I wouldn’t be here”

Mark blocked Venom’s sword but got stabbed afterwards. As a son of a clergyman, he gave up his life and gave more priority to others. He was
such a gentle man.

“That guy…… Gast is in the palace. He is already injured after fighting with me and Mark. However, Germaine, you must still be careful. It is
best not to cross swords with him”

At this time, York came through the crowd

“Germaine, we have finished collecting everybody”
