♦Allen~Lucifenian Palace's "The Servant Room"~

“……… It started”

Hearing the noises outside, Mariam whispered.

Only two people were in the servant room, me and Mariam. The other servants have already escaped. Ney and Chartette too.

“That brat Ney, leaving without even telling me… Sure enough we have a mother and daughter relation, in all aspects”

“……”

“Go, Allen. While you still have the chance. This is your only chance to escape”

“Like I said last time, although I said it to Elluka… I will protect Riliane”

Mariam sighed.

“Lady Mariam… what do you intend to do?”

“I will fight till the last minute….I don't have the intention to die, I just want to test my limit”

Miriam grabbed something from the shelf, somewhat like a knife.

“I will let them see… The ambition of the three heroes. Goodbye Allen… Prince Alexiel. If we two alive, let's meet again”

Mariam left the room.

“Mariam… a harsh but gentle person. If mother would still be alive, would she also be like her?”

“Are you still alive, Allen?

Next to enter the servants room was Gast.

“We lost the fight”

Gast said while looking out the window.

What does he want to say?

“I have received your favor so much. I came to say a Farewell”

“…… Do you intend to escape?”

“Don’t put on the sad face. I was originally a mercenary. I have no obligation to this country. Please convey to the princess that I do not need
the money anymore”

I come up with a bag full of gold coins from the shelf and gave it to Gast. This was the money I earned from working in the palace.

"....What's your plan? with this"

“I will use these to hire you again. Please protect the palace… Protect princess Riliane until the last minute!”

“Did you not understand what I said? I don’t want money. Particularly, a servant like you, why go so far as to…”
