Because of Mariam’s overwhelming force and her title as the “Three Heroes” inspired morale to the soldiers that collapsed. As I thought, these
soldiers are very loyal to the “Three Heroes”.

Not good. Our chance to break through the heavenly yard...

Suddenly...

--BOOM—

Thud, Lucifenian soldiers were sent flying. This surely an explosion.... this scenery.

--BOOM! BOOM!—

The soldiers were blown up one by one, and then fell to the ground. How? What’s happening?

At the centre, a cloaked woman was holding a huge sword. Yes, she is the one who gave us intelligence on the palace…

“York! What’s the matter? Why did she appear here…”

“I tried to stop her… But she didn’t listen. Just like my daughter”

Although my father said that she has made up her mind before, but I do not intend for her to fight. She is fully an amateur so I thought she
wouldn’t survive in a battle field.

However, it seems I do not have to worry. She waves her large sword with incredible force and sent the enemy flying one by one, like a
tornado.

She looked at me then pointed at the palace. Does she mean for me to take the opportunity and break through?

“Let’s go, Germaine, just leave her to deal with them”

Kachess said as he fled from the enemies.

Mariam wanted to stop us. However, in an instant, a huge sword was about to hit her.

“Kyyaaa!!”

She quickly evaded side wards. Kachess's army took the opportunity to break through the enemy line and into the palace.

I closely followed Kachess from behind. He himself led us so we can break through. We took advantage as the kid took on Mariam.

“Assault the palace! Seize the opportunity!”

“You… Who are you!”

Mariam cried while wielding two knives that hit the cloaked woman. This is bad.

“Yaaahh!!”

It seems to be a close call and was able to evade. But the cloak was torn apart. Subsequently, she took off the tattered cloak.

Mariam’s face changed when she saw her face.

“How… Why… did you participate in the revolutionary army!”
