♦Allen~Lucifenian Palace's "Riliane's Room"

Riliane stayed in her room.

She was sitting on a chair and eating snacks.

“Is the taste appropriate, Princess Riliane?”

I asked her.

“It’s a little too sweet. I want brioche or something less sweeter”

I ate some brioche at Keel’s mansion and it was delicious. It must meet Riliane’s taste. Although I would like to ask how they make it, but now
it’s impossible.

“Will… I get killed?”

Riliane stopped eating then asked. It sounded very weak, as if though she would cry at any moment from trembling.

“This… I do not know”

“But… I will be sentenced when I’m captured. I have done a lot of awful things… the people will never forgive me”

Riliane continued eating. But her hand was shaking too much, she accidentally dropped her fork.

“Allen… can you… hold my hand?”

I used both my hands to hold Riliane’s hand.
“I don’t know why, but when you hold my hand, I feel at ease”

Riliane’s hand no longer trembled.

“Allen… I always wanted to be like my mother. A gentle and noble mother”

“……”

“My mother never showed her weak side in front of others. When father died, she was able to hold the entire country; she forced herself to
become strong. A lot of people admired and respected her as a powerful ruler. So I wanted to be just like her; I will never show my weak side
to others because only strong women can have their way… but it's useless. In the end, I couldn’t become like her. Everyone now completely
went away from me”

Riliane’s tone is different from usual; she became more like girls her age. I knew she was struggling to hold back her tears. Strong women must
not let other’s see their crying look. Even so,
