♠ Germaine ~ Lucifenia’s Palace “Hall of Mirrors” ~

The battle with the royal guards continue.

One by one, each comrade falls. Despite that, the enemies' ranks have been reduced as well. If we carry on in this way... then...
Victory would be ours!

The problem was 'that man'... Gast Venom. He is a demon beyond anyone's imagination. Even though Mariam was not unlike him, the speed of
Gast's sword was highly unusual. In fact, most of our casualties have died by his hand.

"These people, they're useless."

Gast stepped upon the bodies of the fallen revolutionaries.

"There is an obvious hesitation with the way you handle the sword... such a beautiful swordswoman and the daughter of an old friend(?),
because you had let your emotions rule your swordsmanship...The Lucifenian guards are only capable of so much."

"Pitiable man, I will not allow you to insult the guards so(?)."

Upon hearing my cry, Gast turned around.

"Heh, you are the same as the rest. Are they your enemies now?(?)"

"..... No matter. As long as I kill you, their confusion will disappear."

Gast pointed his sword to me. ....Would I win? Would I triumph over this 'Demon'?

At that moment, my heart wavered

—Swish—

A piercing voice. I immediately stepped back.

Something was across my eyes; my bangs.

“Oh… you dodged it. Good”

This is bad. If there is a moment of hesitation, I would lose my head.

“Give this one a try”

—Swish—

—Swish—

Gast made a series of attacks… I dodged them all, however, he doesn’t give me a chance to counter.

Each attack is a close call; some would hit my red armour. If father was in this situation, what would he do?

Suddenly, I remembered what father said when we were drinking and laughing, about how he fought with a powerful enemy. Father talked
about how he struggled against the strong opponent—

(That guy was strong, his speed was extraordinary. And I never seen that kind of swordsmanship)
