“...... Oh, you are Leonhart’s daughter. Haha, now I can’t complain why I lost. Knowing my sword’s weakness and not correcting it myself… is
the reason why I lost”

Gast seems… smiling.

“Gast, I have a question, have you seen… the princess and… a young man who is with her?”

“… Well, I don’t know”

“Oh… For powerful mercenaries like you, why did you not escape? You had numerous opportunities to escape”

By my side was a comrade who fought against the royal guards.

“A mercenary’s reason for fighting… is, of course, only one”

Gast grabbed something from his pocket.

“…… and that is money”

I pulled out my sword

“Sarah…… Brother…… Will soon be with you……”

“Big sister! Are you alright?”

I heard Chartette’s voice. The battle in the heavenly yard seems to be settled.

“I’m fine… Just some scratch and bruises is all”

“……! Big sister, your eyes!”

“It’s just a cut on the eyelid… it will heal in no time”

Chartette noticed the body next to my feet.

“This guy… Gast Venom! Were you the one who killed him?”

“Well…… Yes”

I won because of father’s story. Even in death, he is still helping me.

“Now that’s my big sister! I now adore you even more than before!”

This child is always the same… and I thought she was just full of brute force; I never would have thought she could wield a sword too.

“Chartette, what happened in the heavenly yard?”

“We finally won, but the head maid… Mariam was able to flee. She is heavily injured and won’t post a threat to us anymore”

She is even able to drive away Mariam…… Chartette should not be underestimated.

“Kachess has sent a report”

York said with rough voice.
