“He found the absconding Prime Minister, Minis. Although Kachess wanted to arrest him… but he resisted, so he was killed”

“…… and the princess?”

“We haven’t found the princess or your righteous brother yet. Also, all of the prime ministers are dead”

In other words, the princess is still somewhere in the palace and also Allen.

“Well, Let’s go! Find the Princess!”

Just when I was about to go, York stopped me.

“Not when your eyes are like that! The palace has almost no soldiers left. Just leave the rest to us for now”

“Yeah! Sister shouldn’t worry about us”

“Chartette! Not you too! Aren’t you also injured from the last battle? If you act rashly, you will die!”

“Ohhhh….”

Even though my vision is blurred, but I can see that Chartette is heavily injured.

“York……”

“I know, Germaine. I will not kill the princess for she deserves a public execution. After your eyes are healed, we will vent our anger towards
her”

York was about to leave when Chartette suddenly exclaimed:

“Ah, yes, York!”

“……Why?”

“Princess Riliane… is indeed a bad person. But… if you can… please don’t bully her; be as gentle as possible…”

York nonchalantly walked into the palace.

Shortly after, a report came that the princess was apprehended in the Hall of Sounds. After the emergency treatment on my eye, I rushed
towards the Hall of Sounds.

“No! Germaine! I’m told you not to push yourself!”

York said as I tried to force myself into the room.

“……I’m sorry, but I want to personally confirm that she really is the Daughter of Evil”

“You want to personally confirm… but can you even see?”

I narrowed my eyes. Although it’s vague, but I can see the princess, a few soldiers and a dress. Just the face isn’t clear.

“…… I’m not convinced”

“Really? Please tell us why”
