This country is completely rotten.

Everyone’s eyes are lost in desire.

Everything needs to be reset.

By yours, and yes, my own hands.

.

There were no soldiers before the “First Wall”; Kiril was able to easily make his way into first the courtyard, and then the LeviaBehemo temple.

He no longer had room in his heart to entertain any doubts.

Elluka…Elluka…

Kiril could hear her voice in his ears.

It had first started when he came face to face with her corpse…And it continued without abating even now.

On the contrary, he could feel her voice growing steadily louder the more he progressed through the temple.

.

The forbidden device is beyond this point

If you go now, no one will find you

Come, hurry

We’ll start from here

Don’t hesitate

Simply continue running

.

…He would cause a miracle.

A miracle that would revive Elluka.

The resurrection of a dead person was a deed that even that Seth couldn’t pull off.

What you needed was…the power of the gods.

If he put the corpse inside the “ark” said to be inside this temple…

Elluka would be reborn into this world.

That was what her voice had told Kiril.

.

The voice lured Kiril onward.

To where the ark lay.

He arrived there without straying once.

“…So this is the ark ‘Sin’…”

There it was at the end of a long stairwell, standing tall like some enormous pillar.

It was very plainly different from the other pillars in the temple. It was unusually glossy, and the tip of it close to the ceiling was tapered like a spear.

There must have been an entrance to it somewhere.

When Kiril started to approach the “Sin” to go looking for it, he heard a voice call out to him from behind.

“So you came, Kiril.”

He recognized that voice. It was one he’d heard just a short while ago.

When he turned around he saw the head of the senate standing there…Gammon.

In his right hand he was holding a blade, and in his left a gun.

“What are you doing here…Head Senator.”

“That should be obvious. I’m here—to kill the insolent fool who invaded the temple.”

“…So you knew from the start, then. What my objective was. Why, then, did you help me before?”

“No matter what I could have done…you would have arrived here in the end. After killing countless soldiers with your knife. That’s what you’re fated to do.”

“…”

“I wanted to avoid any needless sacrifices. That’s all. The only one who can change fate…is me, knowing everything as I do.”

“…What do you know?”

“I know what you’re going to try to do now. And what outcome that will lead to. …As I said before, everything.”

“Do you have some prognosticative ability?”

“That’s half right. There are the ‘purple dreams’…the power of the Loop Octopus clan…But that’s not the only thing. I entered the temple, once…and when I came into contact with a glimpse of the queen, I learned—or rather, remembered—the future.”

“I…am going to resurrect Elluka.”

Kiril laid the wooden box down on the ground, and pulled out a knife from his pocket.

“Grim the End…But right now it should be nothing more than a simple knife. Even if it used to belong to that fiend, Pale Noel…It’s no threat to me.”

“You keep saying things I don’t understand…”

“I have no choice but to use this timing, this place…Only in this moment, where the queen’s power is weakest, do I have a chance to change history. Kiril…This ‘original sin’ you’re trying to commit…I won’t let you go through with it!”

Gammon pointed the gun straight at Kiril—and fired without waiting for a response.

“–!”

A sharp pain ran through Kiril’s right shoulder.

But that wasn’t the end of it. In the next moment, Gammon had ran right before Kiril’s eyes, and slashed down at him with the sword he was holding.

Kiril’s arm went numb, and fell limp. He couldn’t even aim his knife at his attacker.

“It’s over!”

Gammon brought the sword down towards Kiril’s neck.

–But he never actually landed the finishing blow.

His sword suddenly came a halt.

“…!?”

Something was clinging to Gammon’s body.

It looked like…several wisps of white, human-shaped smoke, like ghosts.

“—You weren’t thorough enough, Gammon,” one of the ghosts whispered in his ear. “Did you think we were just one person?”

His every movement arrested by these things that couldn’t have had a physical body, Gammon screamed. “Queen! This is ridiculous, you shouldn’t be here now…”

“Gammon. You just tried to disrupt time…We consider that insubordination. As the manager of time, we…will grant you ‘punishment’.”

Gammon’s body began to sink.

A hole opened up in the floor, and Gammon started to be dragged through it by the ghosts.

“You will come to the ‘happy country’. And there you will spend an eternity as a castaway.”

“Damn it…Let me go, queen—Madam Merry-Go-Round!”

Gammon’s struggles amounted to nothing…and so he disappeared down to the depths of the hole.

“…”

Kiril could do nothing but watch that scene in a daze.

The hole quickly vanished.

In addition to the ghosts…and Gammon, too.

It was as though no one had been there to begin with.

Gammon had called those ghosts the “queen”…but it hadn’t been Irina.

So then…was it the previous queen?

Or the one before her–

.

Hey, darling

Hurry and put

My body in there

.

He once more heard Elluka’s voice.

…That’s right. Now isn’t the time for this.

He continued to bleed from his right shoulder.

Kiril once more hefted the wooden box onto his back, not making any move to stem the flow.

Then he approached “Sin” and searched along its surface.

“…Here.”

There was a long notch about the height of Kiril’s body.

Next to it, there was a protuberance that looked like a black box.

“This box…has some sort of keyhole here.”

This was probably the mechanism for opening the entrance.

But, naturally Kiril didn’t have any key on him.

Resigning to see if there was at least something he could do, he decided to try unlocking it.

He tossed away the knife he’d been carrying, and in its place pulled out a tool for his secret works instead.

He had great confidence in the skill of his fingers.

But it seemed this box had a much more complicated and strange structure than any magical device that Kiril had worked with before.

…Damn it, I came all this way…

He couldn’t just give up now.

This was for Elluka—

.

Do it quickly!

You half-wit dumbass

Hurry, hurry

Inside that…

.

It sounded like Elluka was growing irritated.

Should I just force it open, rather…?

Kiril turned his eyes back to the knife that he’d tossed away a moment ago.

…But it wasn’t there anymore.

Instead…at some point there had appeared a small golden key.

…Could it be?

Kiril picked up the key and fitted it into the lock on the black box.

…It was a perfect fit.

Yet another miracle.

Was that at the gods’, or Elluka’s discretion?

.

Now then, let’s open it.

And then resurrect Elluka.

.

The things I can’t do as one, can surely be overcome if we’re together.

Our future waits for us here.

Let us see the whereabouts of the miracle together.

Elluka—

.

Kiril turned the key.

.

Click.

.

–The moment that he heard that noise, Kiril suddenly came to his senses.

The voice he’d been hearing until now.
The voice that had led him here.

Was that—

Really Elluka’s voice?

.

10…

9…

.

“You did well, clone of Seth.”

The entrance to the ‘Sin’ opened, and the voice resounded from within.

“You pulled it off…It had to be you, or it wouldn’t have worked. It had to be a member of the ship’s crew…or someone like you, who inherited all of his genes.”

That voice. Elluka’s voice. The voice that had kept whispering into Kiril’s ear.

…No, it wasn’t.

This…this thing wasn’t Elluka.

“Who…are you?” Kiril asked, his face falling into despair.

“—God. That’s what you lot call us.”

“The dragon god…LeviaBehemo…”

.

8…

7…

.

“Humans. You all…have had too many failures. We…can no longer wait for the ‘Twins of God’ to be born.”

The pillar in front of him—“Sin”—began to oscillate.

.

6…

5…

.

“That prophecy of destruction was simple bullshit….We just wanted to get out of here. Once the certification process is over…it might be in a dragon body, albeit, but we’ll be free.”

Kiril closed the door, and turned the key in the other direction.

But it was too late.

The oscillation didn’t stop, and the voice continued to ring out.

.

4…

3…

.

“Why should the ‘gods’ be locked up in a place like this, while you ‘humans’ get to rejoice in your freedom…It’s not fair. We’re the ones who made this world, after all. We…are going to take the world back from you.

The vibrations grew in intensity.

The surface of the pillar grew red hot.

.

2…

1…

.

“…Wait…What’s this? Something’s wrong. It’s going out of control…Has it had a break-down? Son of a bitch! At this rate—”

.

…0.

.

–The die has been cast.

.

There was a bright flash.

And then an explosion.
This was a miracle that decidedly should not have occurred.

.

The wicked light and heat released by the “Sin” blew Kiril’s body back.

And then the temple. The courtyard. The castle. The entire country.

The flowers, the people, Seth, Irina.

Everything was swallowed up and dissolved.

.

From within—

Stood an enormous two-headed dragon, wreathed in flame.
