–The last gear lost its shine.

As he finished watching through Kiril’s memories, Nyoze uttered in a stupor, “Project ‘Ma’…The actions we had taken, all of it was meaningless? We…humanity was tricked by the gods–?”

“…”

“And…I don’t know why, but…you knew all of it…Isn’t that right, Gammon?”

“…Yeah.”

“Then why didn’t you try to stop us back then!? You had to have had so many chances!”

“First of all…I only really learned of that when I caused a revolt against our father and stole his position as head of the senate. Until then, I was just as ignorant as everyone else.”

“…”

“When I first entered the LeviaBehemo temple, I was granted a vision of the future by the queen—Madam Merry-Go-Round. …And at the same time, I was bound by her. I was placed under her observation. She is the manager of time. She wouldn’t tolerate change in—”

“I don’t understand. If that were the case, then why did Madam Merry-Go-Round give you knowledge of the future?”

Gammon closed his eyes.

Without opening them again, he opened his mouth instead.

“She was putting things back to the way they should be. It was because of divine providence…or so she told me at first, but I myself don’t really understand everything to do with her. At the time, I saw Madam Merry-Go-Round as being the same person as the previous queen, Alice. So…I was convinced that I had to wait for an opportunity where Alice’s soul had left the temple, and her power was at its weakest.”

“Alice’s soul? At its weakest? What do you mean?”

“When her soul was dividing its energy with another soul dwelling in her womb…in other words, I thought my best chance was when she had gotten pregnant.”

“…Wait just a second. You’re saying that Alice’s soul was in—”

“It had been, after all, put where it belonged. Right before her body was born and set adrift in the river by Seth. As a result, two souls came to dwell in that one body, and Alice’s soul…was recognized as ‘malice’ by the original owner of the body.

“And so, ultimately, Alice’s soul took the body over. Having lost her memories—so it seems to me.

“Yes—she was Irina.”

The moment that Gammon said that name, one of the gears spinning around them began to glow again.

“…It seems she still has some memories left.” Gammon took it in hand. “Irina’s memory. I don’t know what meaning there is in here…But let’s take a look.”
