Two days later, in the dead of night, Lemy once more came to visit the brothel.

With Julia.

After he’d killed Yuzette and listened to the owner’s proposed favor, Lemy had returned home and reported what happened to Julia. Including the fact that “Third, Sleep Princess” wanted to meet with her, and that Ney had told him she was the “Eternal Sorceress”.

Julia had agreed to meet with the owner. She seemed to believe Lemy’s story only halfway, but had judged that she wouldn’t learn anything without meeting with her anyway.

The president couldn’t be seen publicly visiting a brothel. For that reason, the both of them were hiding their faces with hoods.

“Welcome to my humble business.”

When they knocked on the door, the owner herself came out to invite them in.

They were led to a narrow room. After making sure there was no one else around, Julia took off her hood and exposed her face.

“Long time no see.”

The moment the owner said that, Julia’s expression grew suspicious.

“My my, but I’m quite sure you and I have never met before?”

“Yes. Certainly Margarita Blankenheim has never met you face to face. The person she thought was Julia Abelard was your shadow—‘Fourth, Shadow’.”

Julia silently listened to her talk.
“However, that’s not the case for the ‘Clockworker’s Doll’. Isn’t that right? –Mother.”

“…You’ve recovered your memories…Is that right?”

“Yes, exactly.”

“That is a fact Elluka would have no way of knowing…However, I can’t trust your word on that alone. There’s a chance Elluka simply heard that from Margarita.”

Julia sat down in a plain chair in the room.

“Tell me. If you are ‘Third, Sleep Princess’, why are you now in Elluka?”

“—Margarita killed herself by drinking her own ‘gift’. …However, I didn’t die. Rather, at that time the ‘true me’ awakened.”

Lemy had no idea what she was talking about, but it seemed Julia did.

“…Continue.”

“I went to Held’s forest, and there reunited with Elluka. When I told her everything, she lost her head, and tried to take certain measures towards me. Using her magic, she tried to bring me into herself.”

“—The Swap Technique.”

“Exactly. But her plan went off the rails. My spiritual power exceeded hers. I was instead able to successfully take control of her body. I won, heheheheh.”

The owner gave a stifled laugh.

Julia gazed at her for a short while, as though to make certain of who she was looking at.

“—That makes sense. But there’s no proof to substantiate your story…Where’s the doll?”

“I’ve left it somewhere. I don’t remember where. I had no further need of it, you see.”

Upon hearing that, Julia quietly tsked.

“That might be the case for you, but not me. Without that doll, I can’t believe you.”

“Well then, I’ll show you some different proof. –Jacqueline! Come in here a moment!” The owner suddenly called someone, raising her voice.

“–! What are you—”

Julia probably had reasoned that it would be ill-advised for someone else to see her there. She quickly put the hood back on.

“Did you need something, Madam?”

A young woman entered the room. She approached the owner, not sparing a glance for Julia and Lemy.

“I’m thirsty. Bring me some water.”

“Of course…Right away.”

“Ah, wait a second.”

The owner stopped Jacqueline as she turned around to leave.

“You need to properly introduce yourself to our guests.”
“Huh!?” Jacqueline flusteredly looked around the room. “…What are you talking about, Madam? there’s no one here.”

“Oh, I guess there isn’t.”

“Well then, excuse me….Good grief, you say the strangest things sometimes, Madam.” The girl left the room, grumbling to herself.

“Well then—is that enough for you to believe me?”

The owner turned back to Julia with a smile on her face.

“’Hypnosis Magic’—I was helped out by that power of yours many times in the past.”

Julia grinned.

“Indeed. Elluka Clockworker could never use such a powerful technique as this.”

“As far as I am aware, there’s only one person in this world who can—Welcome back, ‘Sleep Princess’.”

The tension seemed to leave Julia’s body, but Lemy watching from the side knew.

That Ney had called Elluka his mother’s “arch enemy”.

That if this brothel owner was Elluka, then it might not be out of place for a duel to begin here.

“What happened to your legs, for you to be in a wheelchair?”

“I told you I won, but Elluka didn’t leave me unscathed. It wasn’t a straightforward thing. The battle of our spirits took a proportionate toll on this body. And so I have become unable to use my lower half.”

“Then that body’s no good. We’ll have to prepare a new one for you eventually. –Once we find one that can accept your spirit.”

“Take as much time looking as you need. Is it alright if I stay by your side once more until then?”

“That’s fine. But I won’t have time to clean you up and take care of you, the way you are.”

“That’s no problem. I too have an attendant. –Come in, Gumillia.”

The owner once more called out.

A green haired girl entered.

Upon seeing her, Julia’s expression once more shifted.

“What are you doing here—”

“Relax. I’ve put her under a powerful hypnosis. Right now Gumillia is my loyal apprentice and caregiver. She won’t take any hostile action against you.”

The owner brightly clapped Gumillia on the back. When she did, Gumillia deeply bowed where she stood.

“Pleased…to work with you.”

On seeing that, the owner nodded in satisfaction.

“Hey, Miss Santa. If possible, I’d like for her to be made a member of Pere Noel—of Sept, if you could. You know of her strength quite well, yes?”

“…Quite unpleasantly, at that. She killed ‘Fourth, Shadow’, and dealt me a great deal of injury once, a long time ago. –So for that reason I can’t just let her in. If something were to happen and her hypnosis were to break, then she’d undoubtedly become a threat.”
“Then how about keeping her around as a spare? Perhaps as the eighth member of Sept. She won’t interact with any members outside of me, and won’t be told anything essential. In either case, it’ll be quite inconvenient for me if I can’t have my caretaker by my side.”

“Well…I suppose it can’t be helped.”

Julia looked over Gumillia again.

“—She’s got a gun. I received a report from Venom that Elluka’s apprentice used a gun with magic in it.”

“Yes, it’s true.”

“So then, we’ll call her ‘Eighth, Sniper’. She—and ‘Elluka’ as well are wanted by the World Police. We need to keep from using your real names around others as much as possible. So then…for you should we use ‘Third, Sleep Princess’ like we did before?”

But the owner shook her head.

“I wouldn’t mind that, but I have been reborn like this. I might as well get a new nickname, too.”

“The only positions open right now are ‘Fourth’ and ‘Seventh’.”

“Well then, let’s use ‘Seventh, Magician’. I’ll inherit the name of poor, dead Isabel. That way she’ll be able to rest in peace, at least a little.”
“Isabel—the false name Yuzette used. What did you do with the body?”

“I reported her death as being by illness. Her corpse doesn’t look like it in the least, but I obscured that with hypnotism. Anyway…the only vacancy now is ‘Fourth, Shadow’…”

The owner, the new ‘Seventh, Magician’, suddenly looked at Lemy, who had been silent this entire time.

“That being that only he can perceive–How about making ‘Ney’ into ‘Fourth, Shadow’? A ‘shadow’ that no one else can see…It’s certainly appropriate, don’t you think?”

“That wouldn’t mean anything. Even if ‘Ney’ became a member, she wouldn’t be able to serve any use.”

“You think so? I can tell at the very least that she can complement ‘Fifth, Pierrot’ in the areas where he’s lacking.”

Listening to them speak, Lemy spoke up to Ney.

“What do you think, Ney?”

…I don’t care one way or the other. This is stupid.

“She says she’s for it.”

There, Jacqueline returned carrying the water.

“Here Madam. I’ve brought it over.”

“Thank you.”

Jacqueline left, leaving the glass of water on the table.

“So then—” Magician raised the glass high. “To the rebirth of the new ‘Pere Noel’…cheers.”
Of course, only Magician had a glass.

It was a worthless toast.
