May 16th.

Roughly three months after Yuzette’s death.

It seemed that Lemy’s next “job” would be determined soon.

“Nob Nicole?”

Despite having that name given to him, Lemy didn’t know who that even was.

“He’s the vice commander of the Freezis Foundation,” ‘Second, Dealer’ Bruno explained, smoking some tobacco.

He had come to the house again. Bruno always arrived in the middle of the night, so people wouldn’t see him there.

“But aren’t you the vice commander of the Freezis Foundation, Br—‘Second, Dealer’?”

“There’s another one. And that is Nob Nicole—an overly upright and unappealing man. What’s worse, he loathes Pere Noel more than anything.”

“Why?”

“His younger brother was killed by ‘Fifth, Pierrot’…Ah, of course, I don’t mean you. That was the previous Pierrot.”

According to Bruno, Nob was plotting a combined battle strategy with the World Police in cracking down on the ‘black market’ that served as Pere Noel’s source of funds.

“It would be extremely inconvenient for the black market to be shut down. For both Pere Noel and the Freezis Foundation.”

Julia added onto the conversation, “With Dealer joining in Pere Noel, the Freezis Foundation has a cooperative relationship with our black market. In secret, of course. It’s mutually beneficial for both dealings, you see. The foundation has been able to spread its market far greater than it has before, and Pere Noel has been able to obtain a far greater revenue.”

“It’s like Nob doesn’t know that. –Well, I suppose I’ve been hiding that fact itself from him. He should know that we can’t keep the foundation running just by clinging to our past glory alone now that the old commander has died!”

Bruno pounded on the desk in front of him with his fist.

“Please don’t make such a racket. …What does the new commander think of all this?”

Bruno made a bitter expression at Julia’s question.

“Commander Aai is an excellent sort. But no more, and no less. She favors only flashy projects, and never turns her eyes to dirty work. It’s for that reason that a man like me has to support her from the sidelines.”

“Such loyalty you have there. –Though I can’t imagine you’re telling the whole truth.”

“…What do you mean by that?”

“You think I don’t know your past? …I wonder what true face is lurking behind that false mask of yours.”

Bruno unthinkingly cast his eyes down at Julia’s bold remark.

“…People can change. Even if I tried to explain to you my friendship with the old commander, I can’t imagine you’d understand.”

“Whatever. Certainly we can’t leave alone the issue of Nob Nicole. We shall deal with him—in one week.”

“Of course. Next week he’s heading to Lucifenia with the commander and I for a meeting with you. I figured that would be a good time to strike. Leave any preparations for that to me. –I’ll take the necessary arrangements to make sure no interfering flies get in the way.”

Julia turned to Lemy and flashed him a smile.

“You think you can do it, ‘Fifth, Pierrot’?”

“I don’t really get what you guys are talking about, but the main thing is that I’m killing this guy, right? Sounds easy.”

Lemy smiled back.

Bruno gazed at him with a complicated expression on his face.

“I almost don’t recognize you. You look like you’ve gotten to enjoy killing people quite a bit now.”
“I have. Why? You have a problem with that?”

“No…I was just thinking that your ‘First, Santa Clause’ has quite a way of raising children—”

Julia approached Bruno from the side and fiercely gripped his chin.

“Are you being sarcastic? I’ve taught him nothing he doesn’t need to learn, and I’m not brainwashing him. I’ve just guided along his true nature. Not to mention—‘Fifth, Pierrot’ has splendidly fulfilled my hopes in him, as I expected. …Though I don’t expect you to understand that.”

“Hmph. Seems I’ve gotten you mad. I’ll just make myself scarce before you burn me to ashes, then.”

Bruno stood from his chair.

“Well then—I’m counting on you, ‘Fifth, Pierrot’.”

He put on his cap and left.
