“Sigh…”

Ayn heaved a breath in his room in the inn.

“A sigh? Sighing’s no good, Detective Anchor. When you do that you sigh out your happiness with it. –How about having a drink?”

Willus held out a glass, a wine bottle in his other hand.
“…Thanks.” Ayn swallowed down the white wine in the glass in one gulp. “It’s been almost four months since we came here. –We’ve reached a dead end, Detective.”

“We’re washed up, we’re washed up. We’ve run out of clues.”

At the end of searching through the prostitutes, the two of them had their eyes set on a specific person.

Isabel Ismael. A woman in a brothel in the seventh district.

There were a lot of prostitutes that had dodgy backgrounds, but Isabel was conspicuous among them. She had appeared in Rolled and started work one year before, but they couldn’t get their hands on anything about her history before then. Despite their searching they couldn’t find anyone who knew of her before she’d become a Rolled prostitute.

It was like she didn’t exist before then.

Before they could go to ask Isabel why that was, they received a report that she’d died.

Supposedly of illness.

“Detective Zolach, you confirmed her death yourself. How was it? Anything seem off about it?”

“Under the doctor’s findings it was definitely from illness.”

“What was the illness?”

“The Gula disease.”

“The Gula disease? To think, someone dying of that in this day and age.”
“’Cause there’s a wonder drug for it. And there’s no talk of her having money problems. Well, there are some people out there who distrust doctors and medicine, however few. Maybe Isabel was like that.”

What was more, the serial killings had all but petered out lately.

“…You don’t think Isabel was really the killer, do you? The time of her death coincides with when the killings stopped.”

“That’s interesting, a very interesting idea, Detective Anchor. But I doubt that a woman could commit so many killings like that, myself.”

“That’s prejudice on your part. There are women out there with strength that can put men to shame.”

“…There is another possibility. That Isabel was the person the killer was targeting—and with their goal achieved, the killer no longer has any reason to repeat their killings—It’s not inconceivable.”

“The killer was targeting prostitutes, so that too seems pretty likely. Well, in any case if no other incidents occur from here on I suppose that’d be good enough.”

“No it wouldn’t. If the killer is still alive then we need to make them face punishment. –Assuming they’re still alive.”

Willus drank up his white wine.

“Detective Zolach…What do you think—regarding the killer’s claim of being ‘Fifth, Pierrot’?”

It was something Ayn had always wondered about.

“What I think…about what?”

“The ‘Fifth, Pierrot’ member of Pere Noel has already passed away. Three years ago—you shot him. That’s what I heard from the chief.”
Ayn pointed to the small weapon tucked away in Willus’ holster on his hip.

“—Ho. You think this is a gun?”

Willus pulled it free and held it out to show Ayn.

“There’s no guns out there this small.”

“Stop messing with me. I’ve seen one that looks like it before.”

“…Heidemarie, huh?”

“Yeah. She told me that you taught her how to make it.”

“Only the basics. Her gun is different from mine. My gun only fires lead bullets, and hers can shoot that and rays of lights besides.”

“The fact that it’s a weapon that far outstrips normal matchlock guns is the same. That’s why you were able to defeat ‘Fifth, Pierrot’. –But ‘Fifth, Pierrot’ has appeared again.”

Willus lowered the gun, sticking it back in its holster.

“…It’s someone else using that name. His modus operandi is different. The previous ‘Fifth, Pierrot’ didn’t use a knife for the killing blow. He was a master of throwing knives, but those were exclusively used as a diversion.”

“Knife…huh. Judging by the size of the victims’ wounds, that has to be a pretty dangerous weapon in itself–Perhaps we ought to go search the room in the brothel where Isabel stayed thoroughly. Maybe we’ll find the murder weapon.”

“Not so sure about that…We’ve got one more bit of bad news—or rather, good news.”

Willus tossed a sheet of paper on the desk.

“And that is?”

“A letter from headquarters. Take a look.”

Ayn picked up the paper and started to read what was written on it.

“…It’s an order to suspend our investigation and return to base…?”

“Chief Homer has thoughtfully put his signature on it.”

It wasn’t that out of left field to get orders to return to headquarters after being unable to make much headway over four months.

But that was only if they had been normal policemen. Justea investigators were higher-grade, and would sometimes pursue the same case for years, depending on circumstances. It seemed a bit unnatural for them to get orders like this despite the fact that they hadn’t heard of any other large cases that needed immediate attention happening recently.

“How is this good news?”

“A suspension order with this timing—it has to be pressure from somewhere.”

“You mean the Freezis Foundation—or rather, Bruno Marlon.”

The Freezis Foundation’s vice commander, Bruno Marlon, had gotten in the way of an investigation during the “Toragay Epidemic”, too. He had put pressure on the World Police just like he was now, and had imprisoned Hanne and Heidemarie on false charges.

It was obvious that he was involved in “Pere Noel”.

But they didn’t have any clear proof. What was more, they had to be discreet with their investigation into him. If they weren’t careful, it was very possible they could end up antagonizing the entire Freezis Foundation.

Ayn set down the letter, and Willus pointed to Chief Homer’s signature written on it.

“You think this is what the chief wants?”

“…That man has weak authority. But he also believes in justice more than anyone. I remember how furious he got at Bruno during what happened at Toragay.”

“Yeah, yeah that’s true. So I’m treating it as encouragement from the chief. ‘Your foe has finally made his move, now the game is afoot!’…That sort of thing.”

“I hope you’re right.”

“I’ve got another letter that came in to prove it. It’s from our colleague at Justea, Qyoichi. He’s been looking into Bruno this whole time…This is the result.”

Willus produced a new letter.

Ayn took it and skimmed its contents.

“This is…”

“Pretty interesting, isn’t it? All in all, Bruno’s going to Lucifenia next week. And now there’s a sudden investigation suspension right around then—You see something in that?”

“He’s trying to get rid of anyone who might get in the way ahead of time…That must be it.”
“If ‘Fifth, Pierrot’ is Pere Noel’s assassin, then he must be tangled up in all this. If we play our cards right, we might be able to arrest both Pierrot and Bruno in one fell swoop. Or even better, the one behind all of it—"

“—‘First, Santa Claus’.”

“Anyway, let’s continue our investigation a little longer. All the better for us if we find some proof. …Come on, let’s go see the brothel where Isabel worked.”

“What do we do about the investigation suspension?”

Willus slammed his wine bottle down on the desk.

“Naturally—we ignore it.”
