May 17th. 3PM.

Ayn and Willus had come to visit the brothel in the seventh district.

“My my, here again are you?”

The owner of the brothel had come to greet them. This was the second time that Ayn and Willus had met her.

.

–The first time they’d met had been when they had talked to her about the prostitutes in her brothel, including Isabel. It had seemed that the owner didn’t know Isabel’s past either.

“I don’t pry much into the histories of the women here,” she’d said to them, smiling.

Ayn had the feeling that he had seen her face somewhere before. He was certain that she was some acquaintance of his. But no matter how he tried he couldn’t remember who she was or where he had met her before.

“Hey, Madam.”

“What is it?”

“Have you and I met somewhere before?”

“…”

When he’d asked her that she had replied, her eyes glinting suspiciously, “No. This is the first time that I’ve met you.”

…He must have just been mistaken. That was what Ayn convinced himself.

.

When Willus had explained that they wanted to search Isabel’s room, the owner had said back, looking troubled, “Another girl’s using it now.”

“I see. Well then, where are Isabel’s belongings?”

“They’ve all been put into storage. There’s no one to give them to as I don’t know of any relatives, and I think it’d be…tasteless to just discard them so quickly.”

“Thank goodness. We’d like to look into her things, then.”
The owner had seemed reluctant, but acquiesced. A woman who managed a brothel would of course know well that no good could come of defying the police.

“They’re here. …Please keep it brief. I’d appreciate it if you didn’t touch anything outside of Isabel’s personal effects, if you can.”

And with only that, the owner left the storeroom.

Isabel didn’t leave much behind. Clothing, makeup tools, a bottle of powder that was probably medicine…Interestingly, there was also a crystal ball of some sort.

“You think she did fortunetelling as a hobby?” Ayn said, gazing at the crystal ball.

Willus said in reply, turning over some documents, “The woman liked fortunetelling…But this looks to be just a plain glass ball.”

“You think so?”

“I’m interested in craftsmanship. I have an eye on materials like that. …Hmph, it seems Isabel’s client list is written on this bundle of paper.”

“She went to the trouble of writing that down?”

“She probably had a hardworking personality. Maybe that’s why she was so popular.”

Ayn turned over the box that her things were in, and looked through all the items that were inside.

However, he didn’t find anything that would serve as a weapon.

“Detective Zolach. Stop looking at those documents and help me look for the murder weapon. Or do you think she went around stabbing people to death with a bundle of papers?”
“That’s not necessarily true. ‘The pen is mightier than the sword’, and all. There are times when the written word can kill people. Not in body, but in spirit.”

“But that has nothing to do with this. We should focus on finding—”

“Well, this doesn’t have to do with the murder weapon either, but…there is one thing that’s strange among these personal effects.”

“Huh?”

Willus pointed to the bottle that was next to the makeup tools.

“This bottle of powder. It looks like medicine to me.”

“Well, I guess so. The medicine’s name is written on the label—Looks like it’s for a fever. There’s a lot of other medicines here.”

“I wonder how a woman who’s so conscientious of her health that she had medicine on hand would die of something like the Gula disease. She could easily get the cure for it from the pharmacy just around here.”

“…Now that you mention it that is odd. But what bearing does it have on the case?”

“No, none right now.”

Willus continued to turn through the bundle of papers in his hand as he answered Ayn’s question.

But then he abruptly stopped.

“—Detective Anchor. I’ve found something interesting.”

“What is it?”
“A client list.”

“You told me about that already.”

“No, this is a little different from the other one. It looks like it was written a while ago.”

Ayn peered at the paper Willus was holding from behind.

“…Looks like there’s not just men’s names on it, but women too. And what’s with these arrows?”

After several of the names were arrows, and after the arrow was written a different name.

Such as, “Khatia Khan –> Leah Lambert”.

“I’m not sure…But this is the important one.

Willus pointed to a name on the list.

“’Kaidor Blankenhem –> Bruno Marlon’.”

“Does this…mean that Bruno was a client of Isabel?”

“Not for her as a prostitute, at least. If it was, it’d be strange for women’s names to be on there. Isabel was probably in some other profession before she came here. This must be a list that she used back then.”

“So maybe Bruno was a business partner of hers back then…”

If that was the case, then this was a major clue in investigating into both Isabel and Bruno’s pasts.

“What’s more, Detective Anchor. You were involved in the investigation into Marquis Blankenheim’s death last year. Did you see anything on anyone named ‘Kaidor Blankenheim’?”

“As I recall…That was the late Kaspar Blankenheim’s uncle. But he went missing over twenty years ago. He fled after killing his wife.”

Willus continued to glower at the list of names.

“His and Bruno’s names are connected by an arrow. That’s a bit concerning…Alright, let’s split up our investigation from here.” Willus looked up to Ayn. “Detective Anchor, you head for Elphegort. Go through Kaidor Blankenheim’s past, from top to bottom.”

“Right.”

“I’ll return to Marlon and learn a little bit more about Bruno from Qyoichi. While I’m there I’ll get to headquarters and gloss over the issue on the investigation suspension.”

“Is it alright that we leave behind the matter of ‘Fifth, Pierrot’ like this?”

“I told you, didn’t I? If we look into Bruno, it’ll without a doubt lead to ‘Fifth, Pierrot’—Let’s reconvene here in one week, May 23rd.”

May 23rd. The day that the top brass of the Freezis Foundation were coming here.

Whether they’d be able to catch Bruno by his tail would depend on what information they’d be able to obtain until then.
