Elluka Chirclatia was my older brother’s fiancée.

The original objective in her getting close to him had been for medical treatment. A shrine maiden of Lighwatch, she had possessed the power to remove the malice gene from HERs. Thanks to her treatment, my brother stopped being an HER.

Because of Elluka, my brother and I were no longer the same. I felt as though she had stolen him away from me.

I continued to hide from her the fact that I was also an HER.

And so, despite being cordial to her on the surface, during the selection to be the candidate of the 7th “Project Ma”, I killed her.

So that I myself could become “Ma”. And to restore my brother to his old self.

But on losing Elluka, my brother rampaged. He tried to restore Elluka by using the white ark “Sin” and the “Clockwork Secret Art”.

…The result of that was the “Levianta Catastrophe”. The magic kingdom was destroyed by the two-headed dragon released from “Sin”.

My brother had likely been deceived by someone.

Yes, by her.

She had guided my brother along for her own ambitions.

When she once more appeared before me, she bore the name of “Elluka Clockworker”. The same last name that I and my brother once had. It was absurd, as though making out like she had gotten married to him.

–Apparently this “Elluka Clockworker” failed against the Sleep Princess. With her body hijacked…I wonder, has her spirit died?

I can’t be unprepared. I had once hijacked her body in the past, but she’d been seamlessly resurrected afterwards. I can’t rule out that the same thing might happen this time.

“Third, Sleep Princess”…No, I suppose now she’s “Seventh, Magician”. I have to make sure I’m on my guard around her. Her power is hypnosis, but I shouldn’t rely on that too recklessly.

If “Elluka Clockworker” truly has died, then I suppose I don’t mind that. That just means one of my goals have been completed.

But if that should end up not being the case—

I have to consider one other possibility. And if that turns out to be correct, then she must already know my true identity.

–Perhaps the time where I must settle things is drawing near.

That is another duty of mine as an “HER”.
