Nearby the Dark Star Courthouse there was the main road of Nelsky Street. Beside it sat the estate of the Marchef couple, where Gallerian was staying, Madam Marchef having once been his wet nurse.

At night Gallerian would look over documents he had brought home with permission from the Dark Star Bureau.

This time they related to the trial that he was to be in charge of.

.

–Documents pertaining to trial number “ELL84”—
.

Defendant name: Kayo Sudou

.

Charges: Violation of Witchcraft Laws, Violation of Movie Laws, Attempted Murder, and others

.

The defendant is someone who has in recent years gathered much acclaim with some dilettantes as an up-and-coming screenwriter for films. When she works as a screenwriter she doesn’t use her real name, going by the pen-name of “Ma”.

As can be gleaned from this, the defendant is an ardent devotee of the witch “Elluka Ma Clockworker”, and has penned many works the contents of which glorify witches such as her.

Chief among her works are “Escape of Salmhofer the Witch”, “The Great Wall and the Watchman”, “Gift From the Princess Who Brought Sleep”, “The Tailor of Enbizaka”, and so on.

The defendant screened these works in an unlicensed theater without permission from the World Police along with her staff (14 people total, their judgment settled in trial number MFL66). This theater was used as an assembly place for people with affirmative opinions of witches.

Additionally, on February 2nd, EC 959, two members of an anti-witch extremist faction attacked the theater during a screening of the defendant’s work, but both of these members were suddenly struck by lightning and sustained grave wounds that took six months to heal completely. There is suspicion that this lightning was summoned by the defendant via witchcraft.

From her appearance it is assumed that the defendant is Jakokuan, however any other background to her family structure is entirely unknown. This is because the defendant has persisted in keeping secret on all other inquiries outside of denying her crimes.
.

The other documents included the more specific contents of the screenplays the defendant wrote as well as the theater where they were screened, information on the anti-witch extremist faction, and a photograph taken of the defendant.

The moment his eyes landed on the photo, Gallerian’s eyes flew open wide.

“This…!?”

The photograph depicted a black-haired woman wearing a monocle. Someone with a little bit of knowledge would be able to tell immediately that the outfit she wore was something that had originated in Jakoku to the far east.

“Mrs. Polina!” Gallerian called on Madam Marchef outside the room.

“Yes, yes…My, I see you still haven’t gone to sleep yet, young master.”

Madam Marchef arrived immediately, and Gallerian showed her the photograph. When he did, her brows lifted in surprise.

Upon seeing that, Gallerian’s expression showed that his suspicions had been confirmed.

“Mrs. Polina…Could you bring me the photograph hanging in the living room?”

“Y-yes…”

She flusteredly dashed out of the room and after a moment returned with a framed photograph.
Depicted in it was Madam Marchef, the newly born Gallerian, his father Gandalf, and–

Gallerian’s mother, Elluka. Gallerian compared the picture of his mother and the photo from before.

“As I thought, they’re identical…”

Certainly their clothes were different, but…Their features were unmistakably the spitting image of each other.

Gallerian moved his gaze to Madam Marchef. “Mrs. Polina. I want to confirm this with you one more time–”

“Yes?”

“You’re absolutely sure that…my mother is dead, right?”

“…Just like you heard from your father…after Lady Elluka received the death sentence at her trial, she was executed as planned. Though naturally, neither myself nor Lord Gandalf directly saw it with our own eyes. The execution was closed to the public.”

“Then…There’s really a possibility that she’s still alive…So this defendant looking like her…” Gallerian murmured to himself, but then shook his head, as though having calmed down. “…No, I don’t think so. They do indeed resemble each other, but it’s precisely because they look so alike that, conversely, she couldn’t possibly be my mother.”

“What do you mean?”

“This woman wearing the kimono in the photograph…This was taken recently. I’d say she looks to be roughly in her early twenties.”

“Lady Elluka was about that age when she died.”

“So then, if my mother were alive then she would have to be in her late thirties to early forties by now. She couldn’t stay youthful like this woman here…If she’s a devotee of Elluka Ma Clockworker to the point where she took on the name of ‘Ma’…Then maybe she changed her face…with cosmetic surgery. That wouldn’t be so imposs—”

“Uh…Young master?”

“–! Oops, sorry.”

Having ignored Madam Marchef standing there as he went on his monologue, Gallerian hurriedly put the photograph back into its envelope.

“Mrs. Polina, could you please forget you saw this photo? I’m really not supposed to let outsiders see court documents.”

“…Understood. You should try not to stay up all night, young master…You have an early day tomorrow.”

“Right, I know.”

Madam Marchef left the room with the framed family photo in hand. After that, Gallerian spent a little while longer reading over his papers.
