The first public hearing for trial number ELL84 came to pass a week later.

There weren’t many people in the visitor’s gallery. Many “witches” had been judged and executed over these past decades, and now that it had become almost commonplace there were less people who wanted to go out of their way to see a “witch trial”.

Even so, this was the first trial in which Gallerian was acting as head judge. Perhaps feeling some degree of fate in its subject matter being a “witch trial”, his features carried a little more tension than normal.

“Ahem…With this, court is now in session.” After coughing once, Gallerian announced the beginning of the trial. “Please bring in the defendant.”

When the aide opened up the door, the defendant Kayo Sudou entered, brought along by the court guards.

She then sat down at the defendant’s seat.

Gallerian showed the slightest bit of shock at seeing Kayo’s dignified bearing. Perhaps he was shaken by how alike Kayo and Elluka were, just as when he had seen the photograph before.

On Kayo’s part, the moment she saw Gallerian’s face her expression changed slightly.

“…!”

But it seemed the reason for that was different from Gallerian’s surprise.

“—You’re awfully young for a head judge,” she said, slowly pulling out a long tobacco pipe from her sleeve and putting it to her lips.
Gallerian quickly spoke up in objection. “Smoking is prohibited in the courtroom. The defendant will please put that away right now.”

“…Tch.” Kayo obediently put away the tobacco pipe while clicking her tongue disapprovingly. “Well, whatever. In that case I’d like to get this so-called trial over with quickly.”

“Does the defendant have an issue with the age of the head judge?”

“Oh, did my earlier remark rub you the wrong way? It’s not that I mind, really. Seeing such a handsome young face as yours is more of a diversion than having to look at some elderly, stinking old man.”

“…Then I would like for us to begin…”

Gallerian looked around the courtroom again, before stopping his gaze on the defense attorney’s seat.

Then, he once more looked over the documents he had on hand.

“It appears that there will be no defense attorney today…I have it written here that the defendant will be acting as their own counsel, is that correct?”

Kayo nodded. “I don’t mind. I’d imagine the outcome is decided regardless of who’s defending me, after all.”

“I would ask that the defendant refrain from making such statements in contempt of court.”

“That’s not how I intended it. I’m only speaking the truth.”
“Right…Well then, can the defendant please list their name, nationality, and occupation?”

“—Kayo Sudou. I hail from Jakoku. I am a screenwriter.”

And then Gallerian read aloud the written indictment.

Its contents were the details of Kayo’s charges.

–Once Gallerian had smoothly read through all of it, he once more asked Kayo, “Those are the charges in full. Does the defendant have any objections to the contents thus far?”

“Objections? A slew of them. I have never glorified magic, and I have no memory of ever trying to kill anyone.”

“Then you are saying you deny these charges?”

“Yes.”

“Understood. Then let us proceed…Prosecution, please give your opening statement.”

.

The trial proceeded without a hitch after that.

The prosecution provided their statements and proof, and Kayo would then make her counter-arguments towards them.

Aside from the fact that the defendant was charged with her own defense, it felt rather like your average witch trial.

During that time Gallerian made no move to voice any opinions, acting wholly in his role as facilitator for the trial. There was nothing unusual about that. It was very important for a judge to be able to hear the points of both defendant and plaintiff, and to pass down a final verdict from a position of neutrality. There was no need for him to cut into the debate before then (outside of situations when there was an issue with the court’s proceedings).

–I was only able to hear what Gallerian was thinking about the trial when he was taking lunch, as the trial had gone into recess.

Gallerian was eating alone in the cafeteria set aside exclusively for bureau staff.

“Hey there. You mind if I join you?”

It was Loki who talked to Gallerian then. He sat down in the seat next to him without waiting for permission.

“How goes your long-awaited first trial as head judge?” Loki asked with a business-like tone, his expression with neither a teasing smile nor carrying a grave air.

“Well…It’s been going…smoothly.”

“I see. What kind of pattern is the defendant showing?”

“…? I don’t know what you’re asking.”

“I mean are they agitated and protesting their innocence, or have they given up and accepted their fate? In most witch trials it’s one of the two.”

“Uuh…If I had to pick one, I guess it’s the former. But she’s not all that agitated. Rather, she seems scarily calm.”

“Well, in any case you must be pretty disappointed that after all this time your first trial acting as head judge is a witch trial. The outcome’s already been decided for you.”

“…I wonder about that, Loki.” Gallerian stopped eating and turned to him. “Why do you think that a witch trial will always end in a guilty verdict?”

“Ah? I thought that was obvious. Because we have no way to judge for ourselves. In the end, whether the defendant is a witch or not is something we can’t know no matter how much we debate over it. But the real issue is that these problems afflicting the world caused by witches continue to get worse and worse. …So then, in order to stop them, the only thing we can do is systematically execute anyone who is under suspicion. ‘Guilty until proven innocent’, and all that.”

“Is that…really the right thing to do?”

“…I don’t know what you’re getting at.”

“You said it just now. That the problems afflicting the world caused by witches continue to get worse and worse. Over these few decades, the Dark Star Bureau has given the death penalty to anyone suspected of being a witch. And despite that, these problems aren’t getting better. Rather, they’re increasing. Doesn’t that mean then that all the witch trials up to this point were mistaken–”

“Keep your voice down, Gallerian. You shouldn’t let the other members of the bureau hear you say that.”

He must have meant that he shouldn’t criticize the bureau so openly. Having managed to grasp that, Gallerian shut his mouth and stopped talking.

After seeing that, Loki put a hand on Gallerian’s shoulder.

“You’re…tired. Working hard is a good thing, but you’ve got to relax sometime—Yeah. Let’s you and I go on a trip together for your upcoming vacation.”

“Another invitation to go hunting? Didn’t I tell you I’m not interested?”

“Oh, come on. I’ve found a great hunting ground here in Levianta recently.”

“—The recess is about over. I’ve got to go.”

Gallerian walked out of the room, leaving his lunch behind.
