After several hearings, finally a verdict was passed down on Kayo Sudou.

The visitors, the prosecutor, the secretary, the guards, the defendant, and the head judge.

In this courtroom where all were assembled, Gallerian stood up.

“Well then…I shall give my verdict.”

His face looked more severe then usual. In contrast to the unaffected expressions of those around him.

–It’ll be the death penalty anyhow, right?

That was the impression one could feel from the entire courtroom.

“My verdict. I declare the defendant, Kayo Sudou—"

A single drop of sweat rolled down Gallerian’s temple.

“—Innocent.”

The instant that he declared that word, the relaxed atmosphere of the court changed to chaos in an instant.
“Wh…what did he say!?”

“That’s outrageous!”

“What is that judge thinking!?”

Amid the uproar—only Kayo stood there with a composed smile on her face.

It was as though she had expected things to turn out this way.

Gallerian pounded the gavel.

“Silence!”

But the commotion did not cease.

Things only managed to calm down after he had pounded the gavel two more times.

“I shall explain the reasoning for my verdict. –All of the evidence for the prosecution’s claims are circumstantial, and as such I am forced to conclude that it is of suspicious credibility. For example, regarding this lightning that grievously wounded the two victims, the prosecution has not provided any substantial evidence that this was performed by the defendant. It was raining that day, and given that the victims were injured outside the mansion it is perfectly plausible that they were struck by natural lightning. Furthermore—"

As Gallerian tried to continue speaking, the prosecutor started to shout angrily, “You jackass! You think you’ll be able to get off scot-free for passing down this verdict! This is clear treason against the Dark Star Bureau and the World Police—”

“The prosecution will please remain silent. If you continue this disturbance I shall have you removed from court.”

“Bring it on! Do it, if you think you can! The nerve of a greenhorn like you serving as head judge in the first place—
“Guards. Please have the prosecutor removed.”

But the courtroom guards hardly moved to lift a finger, they too appearing shaken up by the proceedings.

Only one of them quickly walked up to the prosecutor.

“You will be taken from the court as per the head judge’s orders. Right this way, sir.”

As the prosecutor tried to resist, the guard pinned his arms behind his back and started to force him outside the courtroom.

Right as he reached the door, the guard gave a quick wink to Gallerian.

It was at that moment that he realized for the first time who that guard really was.

“T-Tony!?”

It was his old roommate, Tony Ausdin.

“Just realizing that now, huh? Looks like for once you’re so tense you can’t see what’s going on around you, ha ha.”

“What are you doing here!?”

“Same old Gallerian. I’d had no idea that I’d witness such interesting scenes like this working part time as a security guard.”

“Part time…I wouldn’t think you’d be wanting for money…”

“Actually, my parents finally cut me off from my allowance thanks to my not graduating from university. I’ve got to earn my own funds now.”

“…”
“Well then, good luck!”

After saying that, Tony vanished outside with the prosecutor in tow.

“…Erm…I shall continue explaining my verdict.”

But the courtroom had once more descended into chaos. Gallerian had to pound his gavel several more times to quiet it down.
