–I had intended for my aim to be a direct hit, but the bullet hit not the moving target but the wall behind him.

“…Tsk.”

As I clicked my tongue, my prey disappeared around the corner of the hallway.

He likely intended to escape by running out of the house.

I would have to put a stop to him. There was the risk of him joining back up with the USE army soldiers.

I quickly gave chase.

He had already opened up the door to his foyer. I immediately raised my gun, but before I could fire he fled out of the house.

“—Dammit.”

Fleeing from someone who sought to kill you wasn’t actually all that simple a thing. Normally your legs would lock up, and you would lose your standard ability to make judgments.

Up to this point I had never had someone who could remain calm and swiftly run away.

–Corrupt though he may be, it was nothing less than what I’d expect of a general.

I left the house in pursuit. …The front gate was still closed.

Where did he go?

I looked around me, but there wasn’t anyone in sight.

–I strained my ears.

Aside from the gunshots reverberating from far away, and the angry shouts…There was the faint sound of a man’s labored breathing.

And a child crying.
…Behind the house?

Normally there was no way I’d pick up on such quiet noises.

But the mask I was wearing currently—It gave me senses that went behind that of the average person.

Even if it was the power of a demon…There was no reason not to make use of it in this battlefield.

I went around the building and went along the back yard.

When I did—

“Found you, General Tony Ausdin.”

He was glowering at me, both his arms raised rather than hiding away.

“…? Who is that behind you?”

There was a figure at Tony’s back.

…Two figures.

A heavily pregnant woman and a boy of tender years who was tightly clutching her right hand.

…Is this Tony’s family?

Yet he might have escaped if he’d gone alone.

–I cautiously closed the distance between us, keeping my gun raised.

Tony was also holding a pistol. It would be dangerous to approach too carelessly.

“—What are you after?” he asked me.

It was obvious that he was just trying to stall for time, but I decided to answer him anyway.

“I would think you have no need to ask that, General. –You know better than anyone how this civil war started, and why the capital of Levianta has become a warzone.”

“…”

“A vicious general who slaughtered his own country’s people and then got his crimes dismissed via bribery…That is the face of the people’s anger towards you and the Dark Star Bureau.”

“But that…Zenosai Village was…an accident.”

“Are you still insisting on that!? The undeniable truth is that many people died! And you need to take responsibility for it.”

“…Do you plan to kill me with that gun?”

“Of course. That’s what I came here for.”

“—All by yourself. What happened to your fellow soldiers?”

“They’re in the middle of finishing up the main course.”

“…You mean the Dark Star Bureau.”

“It’ll fall too before long. There’s no one left to protect you.”

But upon hearing that, Tony faintly smiled. “Ha ha…I wonder.”

“…”
“…”

“If you’re waiting for something, give up.”

“–!?”

“The soldiers of your guard unit were arrested a while ago.”

“…Shit.”

Tony’s shoulders slumped.

–Or so it appeared; he rapidly brought his gun back up to bear and fired at me.

Lightning-quick, I “dodged” the shot.

“A-are you kidding me!? You avoided the bullet!?”

“–That was an impressive quick-draw. And what was more, your aim was true. …I can see how Shiro would have lost to you.”

“…You knew Second Lieutenant Shiro Netsuma?”

I held up the gun to display it to Tony.

“This look familiar to you?”

“…The ‘Naga Custom .44’. That belonged to Shiro.”

“I’m going to kill you with this gun entrusted to me by Shiro. And I shall savor her anger from beyond the grave.”

I pulled back the revolver’s hammer

“Don’t…Please. Look, I’m cooperating. I’m not resisting anymore.”
Tony threw his gun away and held up both hands.

“If you let me go, I’ll repay you. However much money you want—”

I had no intention of listening to him beg for his life.

.

Bang.

.

The bullet opened a hole in Tony’s forehead.

He simply fell to the ground without so much as a shout.

“…”

Tony’s wife and son watched on in terror.

–I once more raised the gun.

They had just watched me kill Tony.

I couldn’t let them go.

I drew closer, and the woman gave out a little yelp of fear.

“P-p-please…”

It appeared her mouth was trembling so hard she could barely speak.

The boy looked as though he couldn’t comprehend what had just occurred before him. His expression stiffened as he stared at me, his cheeks stained with tears.

“…”

There was no sign of either resisting.

It would be easy to kill them.

But—

“…Get lost. If you haven’t left this house in the next thirty minutes—I’ll shoot you without hesitation.”

After I said that, Tony’s wife grabbed her son’s hand and raced out of the front gate.

.

I could hear a voice through the mask.

<–You’re still too soft. You should have killed those two.>

“That wasn’t a murder. It was an act of war. If we’re able to win in the end, killing Tony won’t be that big of a deal.”

<Maybe. And that’s not what I meant, anyhow. That boy—he may come to get revenge on you someday, when he gets bigger>

A cycle of revenge…That was what Mr. Ziz spoke of.

…Even so, Tony’s wife and son were innocent.

I was not like my old self.

Because I–fought for justice.

…Let’s regroup with Gammon and the others. I wouldn’t be surprised if they’ve suppressed the Dark Star Bureau by now.”
<Assuming all has gone well. There’s a chance they had the tables turned on them>

“No. I’m positive they have victory in hand.”

<Why do you assert that so strongly?>

“Justice—always wins.”

I pulled out my ammunition box to reload the barrel of my gun.

Inside were normal .44 caliber bullets—and just one golden bullet, alike in shape but different in material.

<You didn’t use the Grim the End piece on Tony>

“I didn’t. There’s—someone else I’ll use it on.”

After filling the cylinder with the standard bullets, I hopped the fence and left the mansion grounds.
