I was blindfolded, so I didn’t know where I was currently walking to.

“—Here, get in.”

I heard the voice of the man who had captured me, and a door being opened.

I was brought in and made to sit somewhere.

And then the blindfold was finally taken off.

“…”

It was an inhospitable, narrow room.

In front of me was a square black desk, and a simple wooden chair.

I remembered seeing this scene before.

Yes—it was just like the interrogation room in the prison.

The man sat in the opposite chair and glowered at my face.

“…I can still scarcely believe it. That a girl like you killed my big brother.”

The man’s name—was Gammon Octo.

He was the one Shakuson…Or rather, Nyoze Octo, had sent a letter to.

His younger brother.
.

–I had left the apartment complex where I’d been living the day after I had killed Shakuson.

That was to flee from two different figures. One was the police, and the other…was Postman.

I needed to disappear before he came back to retrieve the gun.

I still hadn’t reached a conclusion on whether I would live or die, but at the very least I no longer wished to be involved with the organization.

There was no issue with my having betrayed them. Someone may come to kill me—but I wouldn’t die anyhow.

The war was still ongoing, so it was a bit tricky to leave the country. Only, wanting to get at least a little ways away from Elphegort where I was born and raised, I decided to head south in the opposite direction.

Eventually I arrived at a town named Retasan. According to what I heard from an innkeeper, the town took its name from a country that had existed in the ancient era.

It was a dismal town. Apparently they were constantly being subjected to the threat of these monsters called “dead soldiers”, and so there were burned corpses piled high on every street corner.

A town of corpses—I thought at the very least that it would be suitable as the location of my demise. Even so, I passed three days at an inn there, still unable to make up my mind.

And then, the morning of the fourth day. Several men suddenly came to my room and surrounded me.

I was struck by one of the men before I even had a chance to struggle. …Immediately afterward he put some drugged cloth over my mouth and nose, and I lost consciousness.
.

–The very man who had struck me was Gammon sitting before me now. I had heard that fact while in the car transporting me here.

“You look like him, after all. Your brother.”

I first gave my honest impression.

“That’s because we’re siblings. Still…It’s not to the degree we used to be.”

“What do you mean?”

“My brother had some plastic surgery done on his face after he escaped prison. Before that we looked so alike that people would think we were twins.”

“I see…So then—What do you intend to do with me?”

If he planned to kill me, he would have done so at the inn.

Maybe he’d tried to do so while I was unconscious. –But I didn’t appear to have any wounds that would suggest such on my body.

“…Frankly I can’t decide. Though it is true that I wanted to try talking to you first.”

“If that’s all, I wish you’d politely given me an invitation instead.”

“You, an assassin? Give me a break.”

Silence descended on us for a moment.

Gammon was first to open his mouth.
“—What business did you have in the town of Retasan? Was there a new target there?”

“…I didn’t really have a reason. I’ve quit being an assassin.”

“And you…expect me to believe you? So soon after killing my brother—”

“I don’t care whether you believe me or not.”

“…Well, whatever. Then let me ask a different question. What do you think—of the organization you were a part of?”

“In two words: ‘They’re shit’. The only thing I can tell you is that they were the lowest of the low.”

“Then why did you work for them?”

“They would have killed me otherwise.”

Gammon looked surprised at that. “You? That’s hard to imagine. The head of the organization is your father, isn’t he?”

“…I had no idea that Gallerian Marlon was my father. …Is that really true, in the first place? You’re sure you’re not mistaken–?”

“Just to check, what is your mother’s name?”

“…Kayo. Kayo Sudou.”

“Then there’s no mistake. Kayo and Gallerian once had an illicit affair. After she learned she was pregnant with you she left him—This is what’s written in the secret documents we stole from the Dark Star Bureau.”

“And you’re sure those documents are legitimate?”

“Bruno Zero was the one who wrote them. I can’t imagine he’d go to the trouble of writing false documents to keep in his own desk.”
“Bruno…”

Then that meant he’d known all of it.

That was why he had saved me from prison—Looking at it that way, it lent credence to the claim.

But if that was the case, why had he hired me on as an assassin?

…Had he been ordered to by Gallerian?

Given Bruno’s loyalty to “Master”, I couldn’t think of anything else.

“…You look confused, Nemesis. It’s true then…You—didn’t know.” Gammon blew out a soft sigh. “If you really do hate the organization, then—I have a proposition for you.”

“No way.”

“Hold on…At least hear me out first.”

“I’m not becoming one of your allies.”

“We’re just talking….Though, well, I suppose you’re not wrong.”

Upon seeing Gammon’s flummoxed expression, I was reminded just a little bit of Shakuson.

Anytime I said anything selfish like that, he would…make that face.

“It’s the Tasan Party, right? The people you work for—"

“Yes, a political party of Elphegort. Currently…our objectives are to stop the war that’s occurring all over the world, and to take down the man responsible for it, Dark Star Bureau director Gallerian Marlon.”
“If they’re a political party, that makes you a politician.”

“Well, I suppose it does.”

“I didn’t go to school. I can’t follow along with difficult conversations about things like politics. I can’t imagine I would do well as a politician myself.”

“You don’t need to think of it as being that hard. Look at the people around you—I’ve heard you were once in a delinquent group in Aceid.”

“So you’ve looked up that much. Then—you know that I sank the S.S. Titanis, don’t you? I’m an ex-convict.”

“Strictly speaking you were never actually charged with that crime. Your death was faked before judgment was passed on you.”

“It’s not just that. I killed many people as an assassin after that.”

Yes…Shakuson too, with my own hands.

“You haven’t been arrested for any of that either. You aren’t even on the list of suspects the police have put up.”

“—Wait a second. If that’s true how did you guys know I was an assassin?”

“…Nyoze. My brother realized that you were the culprit behind this string of cases. And yet he never made a move to arrest you.”

“That was…because he was going to use me—”
“Do you really think that’s all it was?”

“…”

I didn’t know.

Back then—when I had pointed the gun at him, Shakuson had never showed any sign of resistance.

As though he had accepted being killed by me–

“—Let’s get back on topic. Did you never sense anything was wrong when you were in Aceid?”

“…I’d always thought that it wasn’t fair. That Elphe people were pushed into the slums, hardly able to get any work—”

“Right now we are working to change this unequal world of ours every day. I think—doing the right thing has nothing to do with whether or not you’ve had an education.”

“…”

“And sometimes there are situations when you need violence to carry out justice. If you say politics are difficult for you, then we can help you study in that field. There’s nothing for you to be ashamed of. I myself got into the Tasan Party by banking on my career as a soldier.”

…Hm, so that’s how it was.

In the end, this man—simply intended to make me kill people again.

“The answer is still no. Didn’t I tell you I quit being an assassin?”

“There’s a difference between killing to fulfill someone’s wishes and killing to protect someone. –Why did you sink the S.S. Titanis?”
“That was…to protect my friends—”

“Then, even if the whole world would blame you for that—I applaud such an action.”

“Are you…really a politician? What about the fact that this all happened in the first place because Zeus was trying to steal gold?”

“Midas Touch was no saint. Neither was Bindi Freezis, the man who manipulated all of you.”

Bindi Freezis…The man who had gone by the name of “Kandi” to us—I had only learned his true name after being put in my prison cell.

“Are you saying it was alright to kill him because he was evil?”

“I think so. …Perhaps I’m mistaken on my morality of the world society we live in. But the world’s never really going to get better just by yelling about love and peace.”

“…Well, I suppose that’s true.”

“What I think we ought to prioritize more than anything else—is justice! As long as we have that, our world can become a utopia…And I’m prepared for there to be sacrifices to achieve that.”

As I watched Gammon give his passionate speech, I felt a little bit like smiling.

It wasn’t that I was mocking him. It was pleasant to see a man who held no doubts about his own beliefs—I was envious.

“—I take back what I said earlier.”

“…? What about?”
“You and him are nothing alike. Shakuson would have never said something like that.”

“My brother was…not a worldly man. That was probably why he chose to be killed by you.”

“…”

“He must have thought that if you didn’t, you’d be erased by that organization.”

“…You mean…”

To save me—Shakuson had chosen to die.

“It’s true that when I learned you were Gallerian’s daughter, I suggested to Nyoze that he ought to use that to his advantage.”

“Yes…That’s what you wrote in your letter.”

“So you saw that…Then do you know of the reply that Nyoze wrote back to me?”

“I…don’t.”

“My brother rejected my suggestion. –And then he said this: ‘Even if Nemesis does kill me, please don’t hold any ill will towards her. No matter what you have to do, I want you to help her’.”

I quickly forced myself not to start crying.

Shakuson truly had—loved me, after all.

Even just knowing that was enough.

“Nemesis. If you do reject my offer—what will you do now?”

“…”
“I won’t let you die. That was Nyoze’s last wish.”

“But—”

“Don’t run away. Fight! Certainly, you made mistakes in your past. But—dying isn’t the way to atone for that.”

“Then…what are you saying I should do!?”

“Get angry! Your friends in Zeus, Nyoze…Do it for all the people you’ve lost! Why did they have to die? All of it—it’s because of that brute Gallerian, who turned even his own daughter into an assassin!”

Angry…huh.

I had never even met Gallerian. Even being told to get “angry” at him—

Frankly, nothing came up.

But…Gammon and Mr. Ziz both.

They told me to live.

To not run away.

“…Alright, Gammon. I’ll join you, for now.”

“I see. Whether I welcome that or not—it all depends on what you do next.”

Perhaps I should be grateful to him for saying even just that much to the girl who had killed his brother.

“There’s a lot you’ll need to explain to me. First regarding Gallerian. I only know what I’ve seen in the news on what kind of person he is.”

“Very well. I’ll become your tutor.”

“Though I hate studying.”

“That’s fine. I’ll make it simple, so even a child could understand—but before that, you must be hungry.”

“Yeah. A little.”

“First let’s get a bite to eat. The food they have at the Tasan Party headquarters mess hall is top notch!”

Gammon stood and opened the door.
