What sort of flowers had she liked?

–I had hardly any memories of talking about girly things with her.

How to maintain a gun, proper shooting range, efficient use of cover—that was largely all we had discussed.

They had laid a bundle of lilies before her grave, the same white as her hair.

And Held devotees from the forest had performed sham prayers.

“…”

After a while, Gammon walked up from behind me.

“Did you partake in the funeral?”

“—Yeah.”

“Shiro Netsuma…The poor sacrifice who had tried to stop General Tony Ausdin’s rampage and was killed for it.”

And the woman who had been my tutor on guns.

“Gammon, I—I told you earlier that the ‘organization’ was the lowest of the low, didn’t I?”

“You did.”

“But you see, she was the exception. Though most of the time she was a hesitant person, and didn’t talk very much…She was very brave when it counted, and extremely dependable. She treated me well, even if she was a bit clumsy at it. To me—Yeah, to me she was almost like a big sister.”

“Though she was also the one who taught you how to use a gun—how to kill people.”
“I don’t think Shiro intended for it to be like that. She was always telling me that I should only wield a gun to defend myself…and someone precious to me. The one who tried to make use my skill in guns was—‘the organization’.”

“…And it seems that ‘organization’ has no mind to avenge her death.” Gammon handed over a sheet of the newspaper to me. “The verdict has come out for General Tony’s trial. Innocent. –They’ve judged that his slaughter of Zenosai village was a legal act of war.”

“And the one who gave that verdict…was Gallerian.”

He must not care that much about people in the organization.

He didn’t think of them as friends or underlings.

Just pawns—like how he had once treated me.

“Have you gotten used to your work in the Tasan Party?” Gammon asked me

“Sort of. I’m not all that happy about being unable to go around in public.”

“We can’t help that. As yet you’re still publicly dead. And…you’re also wanted by the organization.”

“…”

“But doing office work must be a change of pace?”

It was certainly a job that I had never experienced before.
Being part of a political party involved much more than I had expected. There were things I understood and things that I didn’t.

War wasn’t the only thing growing more severe in the world today. There were also these various strange events—abnormal weather, the appearance of monsters that surpassed human knowledge, and also—“race variations”.

A phenomenon where a child would be born of a completely different race from their parents…A black child being born to white parents was only the tip of the iceberg; among all the others there were even reports of someone giving birth to a cow.

It seemed that I myself was one such example of this “race variation”. My mother was Jakokuan, and my father—Gallerian—was evidently a Marlon. But I had the particular features of an Elphe.

On that topic, the now-mask-form Mr. Ziz (though he would sometimes turn back into an octopus on a whim) told me something a little bit concerning.

–<The world’s Rules are breaking down>

It was the remark of a demon. Perhaps a human like me couldn’t understand.

But at the very least…I could feel on my skin that a crisis was befalling the world.

I had also been able to learn more about my mother’s past, and her current trends.

She had once been subjected to a “witch trial”—and had been an associate of Nikolay. That wasn’t all that surprising. And it was at that trial that she met Gallerian.

Despite having a wife and child of his own, Gallerian had seduced my mother…and the result was that I was born.

Apparently she was presently employed by the military for her knowledge.
Counter-measures against those monsters, the “dead soldiers” that have been rampaging through the southern region of Evillious—I was a bit anxious about my mother being involved in such a dangerous mission.

I still couldn’t go see her. The Tasan Party had promised that eventually they would resurrect my societal position. I would have to be patient until then.

In order to speed that time along, I would have to work towards granting the Tasan Party’s ambitions and elevating their status.

“We should probably get going,” Gammon said.

And so, after I once more prayed to Shiro’s grave, I left.

.

As we were making our way down the hill together, Gammon suddenly interjected, “—Next month it’ll finally be time for the revolution.”

“–!? You mean—”

“Thanks to the outcome of Tony’s trial, the dissatisfaction that the people of Levianta feel towards the Dark Star Bureau is just on the brink of erupting. It’s only a matter of time before some of them start an armed uprising. But…they alone won’t be able to bring the bureau down.”

“The Dark Star Bureau has PN, its own private police force. Naturally they also have the USE army too.”

The Union State of Evillious—a joint government of Evillious nations. Holy Levianta was one of its constituent states.

“And so. We at the Tasan Party have been moving to aid their uprising behind the scenes. We have also sought the aid of the Asmodean guerillas, and other militia dotted all over the various regions. Furthermore…There are those in the USE army that are unhappy with the bureau as well. We plan to get in contact with them too.”
“Who’s going to—”

“Obviously me, given I’m the former USE army sergent major. I have a lot of friends enlisted in the army, after all.”

“Be careful. If the Dark Star Bureau were to suspect—”

“You’ve grown to be a fine woman, to worry about me.”

We each flashed each other a smile.

“…Is there anything I can do?”

“Your turn will come once the revolt starts in earnest. Even if we have all of the preparations done to the best of our ability, the Dark Star Bureau and the army are very powerful. I don’t know how it’s gonna play out when we face them head-on.”

“…I can’t command soldiers.”

“Of course. That’s my role. You—should focus on what you can carry out working alone.”

“…?”

“Revenge, for both you and Shiro.”

“That’s right—Got it.”

Shiro’s enemy, Tony Ausdin.

And “Master”—Gallerian Marlon.

I was sure to have a chance to approach them in all the chaos that the revolt would likely incur.
This wasn’t hatred—it was righteous fury.

For myself, and for the whole world—I needed to fight.
