In took practically four years for Enbizaka to recover from the great fire.

And the road to that recovery wasn’t a completely smooth one.

They needed a vast amount of money for the buildings that had been burned down to be made relivable again.

The Izami domain was not all that wealthy compared to others, and didn’t have the excess resources to send out that kind of money so simply.

–However, it was there that a savior appeared.

That person was Perrier Cutie Marlon, chief executive for the Akuna region of the Freezis Foundation Firm’s Maistia branch.

Yes, it’s a very long title of address. I guess you thought so too.

Well, most importantly she was the grand woman who was entrusted with trade in the area of Jakoku for this foreign business called the Freezis Foundation.

You probably know that well.

The outbreak point of the great fire was very close to the trading house where she lived, so the Freezis Foundation Firm had had suffered heavy casualties. That night she herself had been out at the shogunate’s headquarters on the Enkoku mainland, and so she’d been fine. However, she did lose a great many servants and a substantial amount of funds.

Despite this, Perrier gave large quantities of financial aid for the revitalization of Enbizaka. I’m not clear on why, but—

Huh? She was trying to buy the shogunate’s favor so that they might grant her requests?

Ah, I understand that, then.

No, I cannot see as far as the mainland with how far it is from Onigashima, you see…

Anyway thanks to her, while it did take some time, four years after the fire Enbizaka was on its way to regaining its former vitality

Naturally, the people who had died could not return.

–Neither could the hearts that had been broken by that.
