When Kayo returned to where her tailor shop had been the following day, she saw that there was indeed a brand-new building there.

And right next to its entrance there was a single green haired girl waiting for Kayo.

She was wearing a green obi the same color as her hair, tied over a well-made kimono.

The moment that Kayo saw her she reflexively hid her face with the sleeve of her own kimono.

The girl spoke up to Kayo, apparently finding her behavior strange. “Why are you hiding your face?”

“My face is ugly from burn scarring…You are?”

Kayo had never met this girl before.

“It’s nice to meet you. I am Miroku Miku.”

“Miroku…So you’re Mei-san’s girl?”

“Yeah, I’m her daughter. My mother had some business to take care of and so couldn’t show up today, so I came here in her stead.”

“Oh, I see. But…what business do you have here?”

“Because you are coming back here after four years have passed, Kayo-san…My mother was concerned for you.”

“I understand. But fortunately for me, this building has been rebuilt very neatly. It’s much more splendid than it was before.”

“Still, just a house alone is fairly uncomfortable if the interior is barren.”

“I suppose so…”

“It was a bit presumptuous of us, but we requested that the Freezis Foundation firm have several household goods prepared in advance for you.”

So saying, Miku guided Kayo inside the tailor shop.

“Oh my…” Upon seeing the inside of the shop, Kayo spoke up in surprise. “Not just furniture, but tailor shop tools as well…”

“We run a dry goods store, so we have a bit of knowledge on what you’d need. They were all arranged by my mother’s standards, so they’re probably a little different from what you’re used to using, Kayo-san.”

“No, it’s fine…I’m truly grateful for all this.”

Kayo bowed deeply, still half-hiding her face.

“I only came here as the messenger…You should be thanking the Freezis Foundation firm. It was them who gave the money for all this.”

“I see. I will go make my thanks at the trading house. I have some other business there as well.”

“Is that right? Well then—I’ll take my leave here.” Miku said, giving her a bow and heading outside.

“Well then…”

Kayo knelt with her legs folded beneath her on the tatami mat, and once more looked around her.

–And then muttered to herself, “And still…it’s not enough.”

Tears began to flow from her eyes.

Kayo did not say what it was that wasn’t enough, but I knew quite well what it was she was seeking.

She had a house, she had furniture, and she had tools to work with.

But she no longer had the family that she loved there.

Even Kayo must have known that was true.

But because on some level she didn’t want to accept it, she would do things like unwittingly regard another blonde-haired person near her as her son–

Perhaps that was a defensive action that her heart instinctually took to keep from breaking completely.

But thanks to having returned to this place, Kayo ended up having this truth forcefully thrust upon her.

That was why she cried—that’s my reasoning.

Even so, after a short while Kayo took the scissors out of her pocket.

The scissors I dwell in. Just like before.

And then she said:

“Come—Let’s begin tailoring.”
