One morning, after several weeks had passed, Kayo visited the Freezis Trading House on the top of the hill, carrying a bundle with her.

This was the first time that Kayo had come here, even including before the trading house had been rebuilt—that is, before the great fire.

There weren’t many people before the front gate.

As Kayo hesitated over whether or not she could just walk inside, a single petite woman came out from inside.

“YEAH~, it’s GREAT MORNING. Got feeling that there’ll be DRAMATIC meeting TODAY!”

The woman was speaking to herself in a loud voice. Judging from her fragmented speaking patterns, there was little doubt that she was a foreigner.
Kayo instantly hid her face. Despite feeling a bit hesitant, she steeled her resolve and spoke up to her.

“Do you have a minute, young miss?”

When she did, the woman’s face grew suddenly displeased, and she grabbed at Kayo.

“YOU! YOU call ME ‘YOUNG MISS’!? You think I’M child, DO YOU?”

“Ah, no…”

Kayo was so surprised at the threatening attitude that she forgot to hide her face.

“Despite my APPEARANCE I am SPLENDID LADY with SON in my homeland! And I am LEADER of this trading house! You WATCH YOUR TONE!”

“Huh? Then does that mean you are…Perrier-san?”

“INDEED! The chief executive of the Akuna region of the Freezis Foundation Firm’s Maistia branch, Perrier Cutie Marlon, IS ME!” Perrier replied, puffing out her chest.

“I see…Then let me offer my deepest and most sincere gratitude for your enormous assistance in the reconstruction of Enbizaka. Thanks to you and yours, I am almost able to reopen my tailor shop.”

Kayo bowed her head to Perrier.

“GREAT, JUST GREAT! We need to STICK TOGETHER! And why you come here today, HM? TAILOR-SAN?”
“I have…something to deliver to an acquaintance who works here—”

“–? What’s THE name?”

“…I was made to understand that a certain Bufuko has been working here for the past several weeks.”

“Ah, then—”

Right at that point, another person came out of the trading house

“Perrier-sama! I have something to ask you…Oh, what’s this? Kayo-san!”

It was Bufuko.

“My my, I’m so glad to have run into you—I’ve come here with the outfit that you requested,” Kayo said, dashing up to Bufuko.

Watching them from the side, Perrier uttered, “Well then. I’M going TO my MORNING RUNNING!”

Perrier went to jog down the hill.

“Ah…Even though I just told her I had something I wanted to ask…Oh well.” Bufuko turned once again towards Kayo. “You’ve finished my maid uniform!”

“Yes. I told you before, but this is the first foreign outfit I have made. I don’t know if I did very well, but…”

As Kayo spoke, she opened up the bundle she was carrying and showed its contents to Bufuko.
From inside was a high-quality maid uniform, with black as its base color.

“Waah…” Bufuko took it in hand, eyes sparkling. “This is great! Truly a fantastic look! Thank you, Kayo-san…I’ll get changed right away!”

Bufuko ran inside the trading house, carrying the maid uniform.

“Ha ha…Thank goodness, seems it was well-received.”

Kayo laughed to herself, alone before the front gate.

–When she did, new figures again came out of the building.

This time it was a man and a woman.

“What’s this—I come out here, thinking there’s some commotion out front…Kayo, why are you—Ah, perhaps you’ve made Bufuko’s clothing like you were talking about back then.”

The man was Anan.

He had apparently started working for Perrier with the intention of showing the Okuto family’s gratitude for the aid that the Freezis Foundation firm had provided…and also because he himself had an interest in foreign culture.

And as for the woman—Well, I’ve no need to explain that to you.

“Oh?…Is this the ‘Sudou Kayo’-san that you’ve told me about, Anan?”

This foreign woman who spoke fluent Jakokuese–

Elluka Ma Clockworker.
It was you there.
