It was two days after that. Elluka—you—visited the tailor shop as promised.

“Excuse me.”

The moment you bluntly intruded, Kayo was just in the middle of working.

“Pardon me…I’m at a stopping point just now,” Kayo said, setting the needle and the kimono she was sewing over to the side.

“Looks like you’re hard at work on your tailoring.”

“Oh yes, ever since I had the great fortune to be able to return I immediately started receiving commissions from those who have been providing me patronage from my mother’s time.”

This tailor shop had originally been started by Kagura’s husband, Sudou Nagare.

A skilled tailor, after eloping and winding up in Enbizaka Nagare started a tailor shop with Kagura for their living.

Kayo too helped out with her parents’ work ever since she was ten years old, and Nagare had praised her on how quick she was to pick up the work; when Nagare passed during an epidemic not long after, Kayo primarily did tailoring work along with her mother.

“A tailor shop, hm…Feels as though this is something like the fate of your bloodline.”

Kayo gazed at you with a curious expression after you spoke so movingly. “Fate?”

“Yes. A person from the Okuto family working in a tailor shop gives me that impression.”

“From the Okuto family? Not the Sudou family? The Okuto family line has been one of samurai, hasn’t it?”

“…How much do you know about the Okuto family?”

“Honestly, not much…My mother wasn’t the sort to talk about her past much. I myself only learned that I was related to the Okuto family four years ago, when they took me in.”

Upon hearing that, you adjusted your seated posture and started into a history lecture for Kayo.

“—The Okuto family descends from a samurai that made his name in the ‘Battle of Jagahara’ about three hundred years ago; this Okuto Gaou who fought in that battle was a foreigner—do you know that much?”

“No…I don’t know much history…”

“Gaou was an immigrant from the Evillious region. Furthermore, if you trace his bloodline back it goes to a certain noble man, and a woman tailor. The man was the duke of Asmodean, ‘Sateriasis Venomania’. And the woman’s name was Lukana Octo.”

“My…But how do you know about such a thing, Elluka-sensei?”

“…If I told you it was because I am Lukana Octo herself, would you believe me?”

A normal person would most likely have thought this to be an impossible claim.

And Kayo seemed to think it was a joke too. She began to giggle. “Ha ha, if that were true then that would make you a witch hundreds of years old.”

“Yes. My true identity is that of a witch—What are those pieces of cloth for?”

You pointed to some cloth scraps piled up a little ways away.

“Ah, that’s just raw fabric leftover from tailoring.”

“Then you no longer have need of them?”

“Well, mostly. Though sometimes I use them as materials for making repairs.”

“…Then I will borrow them for a minute.”

You picked out several scraps from the mountain of cloth, and turned once more to Kayo.

And then you quietly murmured some foreign sounding words.

When you did—despite being inside a closed shop, a strong wind suddenly began to blow through from somewhere.

The pieces of cloth were caught by the wind, and fluttered around inside the building.

“Goodness…”

Kayo gave a murmur of wonder.

In the next moment, you recited something else, and then the fluttering fabric scraps started to burst into flames all at once.

And then, in a flash they had all been burned to ashes.

“Eek!”

Kayo screamed at seeing it.

“It’s alright, the fire won’t burn you or the building we’re in…Though I suppose that wasn’t the issue.”

Kayo was trembling, a terrified expression on her face.

“I’m sorry, I shouldn’t have shown you fire.” You loosely held Kayo’s body to calm her down. “…But with this, surely you believe me, that I am a witch?”

“Y-yes…” Kayo nodded continuously, still trembling. “Wh-why…For what reason did you—”

“One of the reasons that I came to this country was to return the body of ‘Lukana’ to the Okuto family. …Having heard your story, and seeing your appearance, I figured that you would be perfect for that.”

You said you were there to “return” it. That signified that you were not the real Lukana herself, but rather a being who had stolen the body from her. Yet at that time Kayo had not the wherewithal to notice that.

“This body of Lukana’s that you said you were ‘jealous’ of—I shall give to you. And then you will no longer need to fret over your burn scars.”

“B-but…if you do that, what will happen to you?”

“I will take your body as mine in its place. Essentially, we will do a mutual exchange.”

“…Still, won’t everyone think it’s strange that we’ve so suddenly swapped appearances?”

“Don’t worry. I know of a method to keep that from happening.”

“…”

“…You seem unable to make up your mind. Well, I suppose that’s natural.” You released Kayo, and stood upright. “—There was once a man who was troubled by his appearance as you are. I gave to him a certain tool, and he used it to change his appearance. …After that his life completely changed. He discarded his melancholy past, and was able to obtain the joy that he desired.”

“…”

“Right now you are holding onto two sentiments. The feeling that you must forget your past and move forward, and the wish to not forget your family. And, unable to find balance between them, your heart is in chaos. Hence these phantom burn scars coming forward on your body. …You are afraid from the very bottom of your heart that if the burn scars went away, then not only will your memories of the great fire weaken, but also those of the family you loved.”.

“I don’t understand…I really don’t…”

“You must forget. When something painful happens, those who cannot forget it will never be able to walk forward. That does not make you unfeeling, or cold. I am sure that your late family would not want for you to always be imprisoned by your memories of the past.”

At some point, Kayo had started to sob.

“Sometimes I…grow so fearful…”

“…Of what?”

“Lovers passing by the tailor shop…Families walking together…People who have what I’ve lost…When I see them, I realize that I am succumbing to a frightening sense of envy. There are even times when I want to bring the scissors in my hands down on them.”

“…Maybe you have become possessed by the ‘Demon of Envy’.”

You glanced over at the scissors that I reside in that Kayo had set off to the side.

“A demon…Will I be able to drive it out of myself?”

“If you obtain a witch’s body by swapping with me, perhaps…”

The proposal that you were making looked at a glance to be something you were doing with Kayo in mind.

But to me, watching from the side, I couldn’t help but think that you were lying to her.

You just wanted to have Kayo’s body as your own. And for that purpose you were deceiving her with a string of sophistry.

However, I had no way of conveying my thoughts to Kayo.

She nodded as though steadying her resolve, and then declared:

“Please…do it. Give me a new body, so that I might move forward—”

“…As you wish.”

You smiled at her.

To Kayo it probably looked like the smile of her savior.

To me it was the sneering of a demon.

.

It didn’t take much time to complete the “ritual”.

You put your hand on Kayo’s head, and recited a short incantation.

When you did, the two of you were engulfed in a pale pink light.

–Maybe five minutes passed.

Before I knew it, you and Kayo were both lying sprawled out on the floor.

But Kayo immediately stood.

“…Marvelous.”

I knew, as she said such, that it was another being standing there with Kayo’s appearance.

“A body descended from Venomania and Lukana…This, for sure…Is what I have sought for so many years! With this body full of magical power, it’ll hardly take any time at all to recover my true power!”

Kayo—or rather you, in Kayo’s form—started to laugh loudly.

–Next, you turned your gaze on the scissors lying on the tatami mat.

And then you started to gently reach your hand out towards the scissors…but immediately drew your hand back, as though something had just occurred to you.

“…Well then, all the best, Kayo-san,” you said to the fallen Elluka—the woman whose mind was now that of Kayo—and then left the tailor shop.

And so, you had swapped bodies.

Using the “Swap Technique”—

“—I have some questions.”

Elluka, who had been writing something down in a notebook resting on her knees as she listened to my story, suddenly paused.

What are they?

“…How do you know that the name of the spell I used was the ‘Swap Technique’? I didn’t tell Kayo the name of the technique back then.”

…I figured it out. A spell that involves exchanging bodies would probably have a name like “Swap Technique” or something—I just came up with that on my own.

“Hmm…Well, I’ll just leave it there for now. So I have one other question—I understand that Kayo’s parents are dead; for her father I know that he died from illness. But as for her mother…how and when did Kagura die?”

She went missing soon after Kayo was married. After that they determined that she’d died by drowning, as they found her favored scissors on a cliff that overlooked the sea.

“Would those scissors be the ones you’re currently in? Then you must have seen it all yourself.”

Yes…She certainly did fall into the sea. Leaving the scissors behind on the cliff.

“Was it truly an accident? She wasn’t pushed by anyone, it wasn’t suicide?”

…

I didn’t answer her question.

“I guess you don’t care to go into detail on that point. …I get the impression from your story that you detest me quite a bit—and yet you also seem to support Kayo a great deal.”

To me, Kayo is like a master that I have spent a great deal of time with. It’s only natural then, isn’t it?

“A master, huh…Is that the only reason?”

I don’t matter. Right now we’re talking about Kayo. And also…I have several things I’d like to ask you.

“There are questions I can answer, and those that I can’t. Just like you.”

I looked at the notebook on Elluka’s lap.

You’ve been writing something down for a while now…what in the world is it?

“Ah, this…Lately I’ve become a bit interested in writing. Your story is more interesting than I’d expected, so I’m recording the contents here. It might sell if I make it into a novel. Or it could make a good stage play. Or perhaps some other—”

You may do whatever you like with it, I don’t care. …One more question. Were you really looking to heal Kayo’s mind, or—

“You can tell that much without my input, can’t you? …As you guessed, I was merely after Kayo’s body, given that it was full of magical power. Our interests happened to coincide, and I simply took advantage of that. If Kayo had refused, I would have stolen it by force.”

That must be how she has continued to live all these centuries.

“Only…Don’t misunderstand me, but I even though I had no inclination towards helping Kayo, that doesn’t mean I had any malice towards her either. I didn’t do anything to her outside of the body exchange. –That’s why even I don’t know how or why Kayo committed the act that she did afterwards.”

…

“Of course, it is possible that it was some side effect as a result of the ‘body swap’. But that alone doesn’t serve as an explanation. …Though I think that you might hold the key to that question.”

I supposed then it was for that reason Elluka was listening to what I had to say.

“The ‘body swap’ is a spell with a heavy burden on me in the first place. My power grew weaker temporarily. So I really didn’t do anything extraneous for that whole year.”

Is that the reason why you didn’t immediately make a grab for the scissors?

“…Well, something like that. I had thought until today that the ‘Demon of Envy’ was in the scissors. That demon is a little bit particular. It’s dangerous, and I wouldn’t be able to get off lightly if I mishandled it. So I had been leaving it be until I could recover my power—Imagine my surprise to find an entirely different being residing in there instead.”

…Let’s continue Kayo’s story.

“Hmph, guess you’re not looking to reveal your true identity.”

.

–Kayo had been reborn in your appearance…a new person, who had pink hair and fair skin. But bizarrely enough there was not a single person around her who saw that as strange.

As for the reason why, Elluka provided an explanation:

“I have a little bit of power to manipulate the minds of others. Though it’s a meagre power, far weaker than it used to be. However I was at least able to manage convincing all around Kayo that ‘she’d looked like that before’.”

I had no way of ascertaining if that was true or not.

But as far as the phenomenon that I had seen, I would have to say that her words were correct.

…Anyway, thanks to that there was no particular disorder right after the body exchange. Kayo lived as she had before, save for that she would no longer worry that there were any burn scars left on her.

However…a new problem began to arise in her heart.
