♦Allen~Lucifenian Palace's "Riliane's Room"

Ever since Asan's attempt of assasinating Riliane, the princess had been alienating everyone who was around her. Only four people were
allowed to be beside her: Me, Chartette, Ney, and Mariam.

And only two people were allowed to stay in her room: Riliane and me. After dinner, I was ordered to meet with her in her room.

"Allen. Good work, last time."

This was Riliane's opening remarks. She was referring to the Asan issue.

"You...... know how to fence?"

I couldn't help but worry since I didn't know how to answer. But in the end, I chose to tell her the truth.

"I'm sorry for not being frank. In fact, my father taught me fencing ever since I was little."

I didn't tell Riliane that Leonhart was my father, because my father had told me not to mention this to her. If Riliane knew about this, she'll
definitely kick me out of the palace.
I think my statement was somewhat reasonable.

"Really?..... I also learned fencing when I was little. The soldiers tried several attempts to beat me but I never lost. I'm so powerful, ai'nt I?"

She boasted proudly. However, I'm afraid that no man in this country will ever dare to do the real thing to her.

"Even in my opinion, your sword is very powerful. So there is something I would like to entrust you with."

I have a bad feeling about this.

Riliane reached her hands on to a piece of parchment from the table and then used a feather pen to write something on the top. After writing
on the piece of parchment, she put it inside a little glass bottle and handed it to me.

"……?"

As I was bewildered with what i was seeing, Riliane instructed:

"Take out the parchment and read the words on the top."

I removed the parchment on the vial and began to read the contents of the upper portion. One sentence was written:

——Assasinate Leonhart.——

I paused for a moment. Riliane......... My sister. Is she out of her mind?

"Shocked? Oh, it's hardly even surprising. Anyway, this is what i entrust you to do, since those pro-guard guys certainly won't even dare touch
him."

I wasn't sure how to answer Riliane. Because I didn't know any other way, I tried to change the angle of doubt.

"Why did you tell me this in such a way? Why not tell it to me directly?"

"Why? You mean the small bottle? Well, someone had told me that your most important wish of all will certainly be achieved if you practice
this. I forgot who that person was though."
