♠ Germaine~Lucifenia Kingdom's "Avadonia Residence"~

"Ah~~~~~ I can't stand it."

At dinner, my father emoted in such a way and finished it off with another sigh.

"What's the problem, Dad?"

Seeing my father this despressed is rare, so I can't help but wonder what happened. I don't think today's dinner looks like the most nasty
tomatoes he'd ever seen.

"The Queen asked me to go to the Palace."

After listening to my father, I stopped his hand, which was going to push bread unto his mouth.

"....... Has the Palace Barn thing already been exposed?"

"Maybe Germaine, Daddy might be coming to an end. If I die, I want you to be my successor."

"Don't say such inauspicious things, father. You never get hurt, so there must be some way to get out of this situation."

Food shortages gradually became an urgent problem and the streets have been full of bones of the people who starved to death. In order to get
a little food, more and more people are switching to looting and killing. Even if we're eating dinner now, the Commander of the Guards is still
quite poor like the rest of the country.

I learned that my father was stealing food from the Palace Barns to relieve the citizens from starvation. To tell the truth, I'm kind of embarassed
of his actions, but he was proud.

What I'm proud of is the fact that one of the "Three Heroes", Leonhart Avadonia, and some aristocrats who only know how to line their own
pockets, are the outstanding personalities of the citizens in the first place.

"Anyway, I should be back late tommorrow. By that time, remember to eat your food."

"I know, and I will....... If there's food left."

After that, my father and I didn't speak a word and continued eating silently.

"......... Germaine, why is your dress so worn out? A girl should be wearing something more clean. Isn't that the dress I bought for you as a
birthday present a while back?"

My father bought me this dress because he thinks it makes me look more girly. It was color red to match my dad's suit of armor. Although as a
daily attire, it's a little ostentatious. I am very happy to wear it everyday since my father rarely buys me any gifts.

"Birthday present.... Oh yes!"

Father remembered something and suddenly ran to the warehouse. He soon went back and put on the table, a frequently used handbag, filled
with something I don't know.

"Dad? What are you doing?"

"I compelety forgotten about this thing. I'll be bringing this tommorrow when I go to the palace."

The next day, my father bid farewell as usual. My father, with a slovenly askew look and a red suit of armor, went on his way to the palace.

At that time, I never suspected that my whole life would be changing
