♠Germaine~Lucifenia kingdom's "Riverside"~

Last night, I didn't sleep a wink.

As I looked down on the mirror, I was shocked by my own reflection. If my dad saw me like this, he'll say: "Inadequate sleep is the great enemy
of the skin."

I left home and went to the nearby riverbank. At first, I wanted to use the river to wash my face and get my mind off things a little.

But, until morning, my father didn't go home.

Was he instructing the "Daughter of Evil" all night long? How pathetic. When he comes back, I'll prepare him a special meal. Heck, we could
even drink wine together. It's okay to drink wine occasionally.

When I approached the river, I saw a person I haven't seen for quite some time.

"Hey, Chartette! Long time no see!"

She's a cheerful friend of Allen and been working in the palace as a maid long ago. I don't know if she's doing well though.

"Ah! B-……Big Sister…… Long time no see……"

When we were children, Allen and I, just as two, rescued her from being kidnapped by thieves. After that, she respected us a lot, and even
address me as "big sister". That's really cute…… but her age should be older than mine.

"What bring you here? I didn't expect to see you here."

"Early this morning, I came out to buy things I haven't had my whole maid life! But……"

What happened? She seems so lackadaisical.

I took a closer look and found that a lot of people gathered around the shore.

"Hmmmm? What happened?"

As I asked that question, Chartette's face changed.

"AH! No…… no…… nothing! Really, there's nothing happening there. We just love making some noise."

"If it's really all right, then why are people gathering there? Did they find a buried treasure or something?"

"Ah~~~ No! Don't go there!"

Not minding what Chartette said, I moved to the center of the crowd.

I saw a very familiar thing.

No, NO. Definitely not, THIS IS NOT HAPPENING. That's not the askew suit of armor. THAT'S NOT THE LION SWORD.
That's not lying on the ground, NO, I don't know that man, HE DIDN'T DIE, that's not him, NO. He's not Daddy.
IMPOSSIBLE. He's not my father, MY FATHER CAN'T BE HERE. WRONG. WRONG. WRONG. This is not happening. This
isn't happening. DAD CAN'T BE DEAD. WRONG. WRONG. WRONG. No, not Daddy. NOT FATHER. WRONG.
Impossible. NO. NO. NO. He's not Daddy. NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NOT DADDY NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO
NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO NO……
