I returned to the execution site on top of the hill, but neither Bufuko nor Kokutan-douji were there.

After a little more searching I found them before the Freezis Trading House.

I could also see Inukichi and Saruteito there.

“—But then how come you’re saying you’ve gotta head to another country so soon?” Inukichi was asking Douji.

“Bufuko-san’s told me that my real parents might be there.”

“…Now that you mention it, you and Bufuko-chan both have the same blonde hair, and your features do look a little similar. Maybe you’ve got the same birth-place.”

“Yeah…Well, something like that.”
Naturally, that was a lie.

But that was fine; I imagined that they would hardly believe him if he said that he was heading to paradise.

“Please leave Kokutan-douji-san to me. I’ll be sure to show him the way,” Bufuko told Inukichi, smiling.

Inukichi then quickly pulled Douji aside, away from Bufuko, and murmured to him, “—You know, don’t you?”

“Hm?”

“That I won’t forgive you if you make a move on Bufuko-chan!”

“…Relax. I’d never do that.”

Douji pulled away from Inukichi, and this time stood before Saruteito. “Saruteito…Thank you for everything up until now.”

“You don’t need to thank me. I’ve been able to have so much more interesting adventures than when I was cooped up in my village…yannow.”

“Are you done with your search for the blades?”

“It’s a bit mortifying, but…As long as I can’t find them, nothing’s ever gonna start from me wearing myself out over it. If I can’t locate my ancestor’s blades, then I’ll have to make one that’s even better myself.”

“…”

“…?”

“…”
“–! …Yannow!”

“Ha ha. Do your best, and make an amazing katana. It’ll be from afar, but I’m cheering you on.”

“Well, even if I make a good blade, it doesn’t mean anything without someone to wield it. So…Let’s meet again someday…yannow.”

“…Yeah.”

.

I knew there was no way he would honor that promise.

–But maybe.

If there are such things as miracles.

Then the day where they would be reunited may come.

I couldn’t help but think that way.
