Another morning, Oyuka came to visit Kayo’s tailor shop.

“Are you in, Kayo-san? Excuse the interruption.”
At that moment, Kayo was still sleeping on her futon.

“My my, still sleeping away today. Never thought I’d see the day.”

Oyuka’s remark was because Kayo had always been the sort of person who would wake up and begin her work earlier than everyone else in the neighborhood.

She peered at the futon.

When she did, she noticed that Kayo was whimpering in her sleep, looking incredibly sad.

“…Are you alright!? Kayo-san!”

Oyuka shook Kayo, and she sprang up from the futon with a start.

“Hahh…Hahh…”

Oyuka gazed at Kayo worriedly, taking in her disheveled hair and her breathless wheezing.

“What’s wrong, Kayo-san? Have you caught a cold?” She put a hand to Kayo’s forehead. “You don’t seem to have a fever.

“…I’m alright, Oyuka-san. Nothing’s wrong.”

“It didn’t look that way.”

“…I just…had a bit of a bad dream, that’s all…”

“A dream?”

“Yes…a purple one…”
“You’ve been working too hard. Your body will collapse if you strain your nerves too much! That’s why you’ve gone so touched in the –”

“…?”

“No, it’s nothing. –Ah! That’s right.” Oyuka handed Kayo a bundle she’d been carrying.

“What’s this?”

“I received some very delicious sweet manjuu from a family in Momogengou yesterday. I figured I ought to share some with you. You like sweet things, don’t you?”

“Yes…I like them as much as I enjoy tuna takoyaki…Thank you very much.”

Kayo thanked Oyuka, still out of breath.

“I’ll be making tuna takoyaki next time. Come to eat at my place when you have a spare moment from work.”

“Okay…”

“Well then! Now’s the time to rest, so make sure you do that!”

So saying, Oyuka returned home.

.

–Kayo having nightmares like that one was not limited to this one instance.

After that, there were times when she would make pained expressions as she slept.

To be more accurate, it was something that began to happen immediately after the two of you had swapped bodies.
I can perceive scenes from vast distances, but I cannot peer into someone’s mind.

So even now I can’t rightly say what sort of dreams Kayo was having.

Even so—

It was obvious that these dreams were frightful and sorrowful things for Kayo.

“Purple dreams…hm,” Elluka murmured, once more halting in her writing.

Do you have some idea of what that is?

When I asked her, Elluka replied, skillfully spinning the pen in her hand around and around, “I had a little bit of prognostic ability.”

Prognostic ability?

“The power to see the future. Strictly speaking it’s not really my power, but rather that of the original owner of the body I gave to Kayo—Lukana. Only, it’s not something that I can actively use; it manifests in the form of the occasional dream. And in those instances, the dreams…are always purple.”

She’d said she “had” a prognostic ability—that must mean that she no longer had that power now.
Was that power passed on to Kayo?

“I don’t know that much. But it’s possible. This is mere hypothesis, but could she have been seeing nightmares of the things that she was going to do later? And that she suffered because of them—” And there, Elluka briefly paused, looking up to the ceiling as though thinking something over. “—But if so that brings up the question of why Kayo wouldn’t stop her violent crimes, knowing her future.”

Kayo had seen her own future—Assuming that was the case.

Rather—it would have been because of that.

Elluka didn’t realize it, but I felt as though an answer to one of my questions had come forward.

“…Miroku Kai. The man who would be the final victim of the event that occurred…” Elluka seemed to be thinking about him, still spinning her pen around in her fingers. “How did Kayo become convinced he was her husband? Outside of having a burn scar on his left hand, they didn’t have anything in common, right?”

Yes, I’m quite sure of that…But there is a precedent, with Kayo similarly calling Bufuko by her son’s name.

“And leaving aside the fact that they both had blond hair, the two were entirely different in age and appearance…Hm.”
And gender.

“…”

Elluka suddenly clammed up.

…? Are you stuck on something?

“No…We’ll leave that matter be for now. In either case, you could say that it was a departure from reality on Kayo’s part, borne of her mental illness. Regarding both Bufuko and him that she met later on.”

The “him” that Elluka mentioned was not referring to Kai.

For a moment I spread my gaze outside of the tailor shop. The blond-haired boy and the monk were still talking to each other before the execution site.

…Isn’t the matter with Kai the same as the situation with Bufuko and “him”?

“—I can’t help but be baffled on that point. It’s somewhat understandable for her to think that Bufuko is her son Ren, given that they lived together for four years. And regarding ‘him’, he has the same blond hair as Bufuko and similar features, so while it’s a bit of a stretch I can see that. …But from what you’re saying, she met Kai just passing by him on the street, yes? Would she be so convinced solely because of a burn scar?”

…If you listen to the rest of my story, the answer might be clearer to you.

“Ah, is that right? Well then, continue on.”

We’ve jumped ahead a little bit on this matter, so would you like me to skip in the story to tell you about Kayo’s meeting with “him”?

“No…I think it’ll be easier for me to organize if you tell things in the order they occurred.”
Elluka once more put the tip of her pen to paper.

I see…Well then, I will start from where we left off.

.

Enbizaka’s peaceful everyday life—was shattered by a murder.

The body of Miroku Kai’s wife Mei was found by passerby one morning on the middle road.
