I couldn’t sleep today either. Kaspar slept. My father also slept. But I haven’t slept yet. Kaspar was released from his worries. My father was also released from his worries. But I still have to continue worrying for a while yet. Kaspar was worrying about his job. I don’t know specifically what he was worrying about. However, I did overhear him arguing with Elluka. “The black marketplace”, “monopoly”, “betrayal”, “Second”, “Santa Claus”—I heard them say words like that on the other side of the door. After the discussion was over, as she was leaving Elluka gave me it. A doll. No, not that. It wasn’t the doll. I received the doll much earlier than that. Is that right? There’s no doll anywhere in this house. Did I receive a doll in the first place? Perhaps not. Maybe I was mistaken. Because there’s no doll anywhere around here. In any case, what I received then was something else. Thanks to her I was able to make my wonderful present for Kaspar. I pulled an all-nighter making the present for him. Though having said that, I can’t sleep, so I stay up all night every night. Yes. On the day of his birthday, I gave Kaspar my present. I mixed it into Trauben jam and gave it to him. Even Eleanor ate the Trauben jam. Well, that was alright. It’s good to share. Kaspar slept. And when he did, Eleanor also slept. But I can’t sleep. After a short while, my father began to worry this time. When we ate dinner together, he said “You shouldn’t be involved with Santa Claus anymore”. He said, “That woman is too dangerous”. Who is Santa Claus? Who is the woman he means? That would be Elluka. Why would my father say such a thing? I’m certain that he had become quite fond of Elluka. But he’s unesay towards me, and so said that to try and get me to withdraw from him. My father is pitiable. Worrying to the point that you can’t sleep is pitiable. So I gave my present to my father too. I mixed it into Trauben jam and gave it to him. My father slept. I hear it’s a shallow sleep, but I think before long he’ll fall into a deep one. But I haven’t slept. What should I do to make myself sleep? I’ll need to pull all-nighters for a ways yet. I have to make more of my present. The present isn’t complete yet. I still have a lot of what Elluka gave me. I have a lot of it where no one will find it. Since I have so much, I must finish my present. Who should I give it to? Kaspar slept. My father also slept. I shall give it to those children next. So that they can fully enjoy their pleasant naptime. Nevertheless, where did that doll get off too, I wonder?
