Apparently, the World Police quickly came to the conclusion that there was no case to be had with Marx Felix. The reason being that they could simply find no trace of poison or any external injuries on his body, just like with Kaspar.

According to what they investigated, Marx had gone to the Blankenheim estate the night before and had dinner with his daughter there. After eating up the meal that Margarita had prepared, he left the mansion around 11PM and returned to his home. Then he went straight to bed, and after that—two weeks later he was still sleeping.

It seemed Marx had no chronic diseases. In other words, it was another “unknown illness”. Kaspar and Marx both had the commonality of “swelling in the throat”.

Had two people with a close relationship been afflicted with the same sickness by chance, or was it some type of contagious disease? The World Police themselves weren’t sure what to conclude. With only one other person with the same symptoms showing up over a month since they found the first victim, they couldn’t just settle on it being a contagion. They had decided to return to their Elphegort headquarters in Aceid for now. As long as it wasn’t a murder case, there was no point in them staying on any longer in Toragay.

“…So then, what are you still doing here?” Hanne asked Ayn, after hearing his above explanation.

“We’re leaving one person here in Toragay just to be safe. There’s still the slightest chance that it could be contagious.”

Hanne didn’t ask him whether he had been ordered to stay by his superiors or he’d volunteered to stay behind himself, but she suspected that it was the latter.

It seemed that Ayn had begun to hold a strong enthusiasm towards exposing the truth of the matter. It wasn’t just the story of his ancestor that Hanne had told him; perhaps his sense of justice had been lit aflame by the Freezis Foundation’s interference in the investigation, or else he was simply taken by interest in such an unusual case.

Hanne was grateful for his talking with her so candidly about the state of the investigation, but at the same time she was a little troubled by it.

Frankly, she had started to think that she didn’t want him to be too deeply involved in the case. Not just Ayn, but the World Police too, and people outside of them.

She knew this wasn’t a normal case. Hanne wanted to work on it alone as much as possible. She had the feeling that if she got a lot of people wrapped up in it, it would only result in needless sacrifices.

The naively honest Ayn wouldn’t understand if she were to tell him. On the contrary, it would probably make him increasingly more determined to stick his nose into things out of spite. In the end, Hanne was unable to come up with a way to explain things to make him see her way of thinking.

Engrossed in their topic, Ayn continued to speak without any sign of having noticed what she was pondering. “—There’s no World Police officers at the Blankenheim estate now. The only one there is Lady Margarita. You wanted to talk to her, didn’t you? Now’s your chance to do so.”

Hanne was anxious about how readily Margarita would receive her, what with her blunder at the funeral, but whatever the case she wouldn’t get anywhere if she didn’t talk to her first.

Hanne wordlessly nodded, and then asked Ayn, “What do you intend to do now? I can’t imagine you plan to just enjoy your vacation in Toragay.”

“Naturally. For now I’ll investigate into the black market–the one of the Freezis Fairytales. …Since you said you didn’t have much interest in that.”

“Is that alright? Aren’t they trying to stop you?”

“Everyone else has gone back but me, so there’s no one to challenge me on it. I’ll bring to light a connection between the marquis and the black market…and if all goes well, I’ll be able to expose the black market location itself. Once I’ve got that achievement out of the way, the rest’ll work itself out.”

It didn’t seem to her like it was that simple, but if he insisted then she’d be alright with that. Hanne thought that at least that he could stay safe if he was putting all his energy into that matter.

“But…can you manage alone? I’d think an investigation would be tricky without many hands to help you.”

“I can’t exactly fix that, considering there’s no one else I can rely on.”

“Isn’t there? Like—what if I called in Heidamarie? You two are dating, aren’t you?”

Ayn’s face went red at Hanne’s teasing tone, but it didn’t seem to be out of embarrassment. His eyes actually seemed to look a little downcast.

“…We’ve already broken up.”

“What, really? Since when?”

“I mean, we only dated for about a week. Apparently she didn’t have any real feelings for me from the start. It was just that I had a crush on her on my own. Though then that leads to the question of why she agreed to date me at all.”

“Oh dear, you’ve got my condolences. …Well, she’s a bit weird, that one.”

“I don’t think you should be calling your own sister ‘weird’.”

“Ha ha, I suppose not.”

Heidamarie. Now that she thought about it, there was her. For the first time in a long while, Hanne was firmly reminded of her being there over in Aceid. It wasn’t that she’d forgotten about her, but rather she’d been prioritizing too much her idea of going it alone. She didn’t want to get other people wrapped up in this, but Heidamarie was a different matter.

She’s just like me. She is my comrade in arms.

When the time comes, I’ll call her here.

Although Ayn probably won’t like it.
