The mansion had hardly changed one bit since Kaspar’s death had been discovered roughly a month before. Despite there being no servants, the garden plants were well groomed. Maybe they called a gardener over whenever they needed one…

With such idle thoughts going through her mind, Hanne pulled the doorbell.

This time someone came out immediately. Naturally, it was Margarita herself. She was the only one living there, after all.

“Oh, it’s you…”

Margarita stood there with the doorknob in her grip, a puzzled expression on her face. On a second look, she had both mature beauty and child-like adorableness to her features. Surprisingly, while those weren’t two things that went together very often Margarita had good looks with both of them at the same time.

“You’re like a little doll,” Hanne let slip without thinking.

Upon being called such, Margarita’s face brightened immediately. Perhaps she’d thought it was praise. It had been, in truth, but people who smiled so frankly and simply were few and far between.

Well, I guess I’d prefer that to someone who gets weirdly humble about it.

It was good to be honest. Hanne herself had been like that, but as she’d gotten older she’d grown more mindful of how she presented herself, and the times she’d lie had gone up considerably. To be able to live being straightforward and unashamed of oneself was best, in her opinion.

Of course, it was too soon to judge just by this on whether or not the woman before her was such an honest person.

“I’m sorry, that was a bit weird to say right when we’ve just met…I’m—my name is Hanne Lorre, of the Schuburg Newspaper.”

After saying that, she continued on to apologize for her behavior at Kaspar’s funeral.

“Ha…”

Margarita was pulling a blank. It seemed that she didn’t remember Hanne that much. Strange; she wouldn’t have expected her to forget, considering she’d gotten thrown out for such flashy laughter.

“Well, anyway, please come in.”

Margarita received Hanne without the slightest sign of displeasure. There had been plenty of people like her father who showed only rejection towards those with the title of “newspaper reporter”, but apparently Margarita was not one such person.

Hanne proposed her information gathering under the pretense of wanting to write a special feature in remembrance of the late Marquis Blankenheim, and Margarita warmly agreed.

.

It was a fairly empty place, with no gaudy decoration to be seen. In Margarita’s room, floored with a red carpet, there was nothing there outside of a sofa, a bed, and a shelf with several books on it.

“It’s a bit lonely in here, isn’t it?”

Margarita smiled self-depreciatingly.

“I used to have a lot of things in it. They’ve all been sold off now.”

“Sold?”

“Yeah. Even all of my favorite tableware. Glass, spoon…I sort of wish I’d held on to my mirrors at least. It makes it harder to do my makeup.”

That had probably been to make money for Kaspar’s enjoyment. Even after his financial standing went up, he hadn’t bothered to buy any of it back.

“Weren’t you angry that he made you do something like that?” Hanne asked.

“Angry? Why would I be?”

“Because—“

“I have nothing to be mad about. When I did that it made Kaspar so happy. That’s all I need.”

“I…guess that’s one way of looking at it.”

Hanne didn’t really want to agree with Margarita’s feelings on the matter, but she also felt it would be pointless to try and argue.

“So then Lord Kaspar—or rather the whole Blankenheim family– …They were in financial trouble after all?”

At Hanne’s question Margarita replied without hesitation, even smiling, “Yes, apparently so. Although I don’t think it was that way lately.”

“Why’s that?”

“He told me that he’d started up some new business.”

“Business, huh…What sort, in particular?”

“I’m sorry, but I really couldn’t say. I made sure not to pry too much into his work.”

Even if she really did know, if that business was something shady then Margarita could hardly talk about the truth of it openly. But she didn’t look like she was lying, to Hanne.

“Is there someone else out there who would know more about Lord Kaspar’s work?”

“You should probably try asking ‘Elluka’ about that. It seems as though she was his business partner.”

Hanne was a little taken aback at that name all too quickly coming out of Margarita’s mouth.

That was because she had thought that if Margarita did know about Kaspar’s evil deeds, or if she herself was involved in them, then she would be trying to hide their connection to this person.

“Elluka Clockworker…That’s the ‘Eternal Sorceress’ whose name often makes itself heard through the turns of history.”

In spite of Hanne’s comment, Margarita didn’t seem to get what she was hitting at.

“Oh, is that so? Sorry, I don’t know that much about her real identity. I’ve only heard her say that she’s a sorceress.”

“Are you two not on good terms?”

“Oh no, it’s not that at all. To me, she is….a very close, special friend,” Margarita murmured with a lot of feeling.

“She’s your close friend but you don’t know her real identity?”

“It’s because she’s my close friend. What kind of person she is isn’t all that important to me. That’s just how it is to be close friends with someone, isn’t it?”

“I…guess so?”

“Oh, but, that doesn’t mean I’m not curious, right? You seem well informed, Miss Reporter, so I’d appreciate it if you told me.”

“Right…She’s a figure said to carry the name of one of the ‘Three Heroes’, close aides of the king of Lucifenia during the country’s heyday, who contributed to the resolution of ancient scandals like the Venomania Event in Asmodean or the Conchita case in Beelzenia.”

“Ah. Even I know of the ‘Three Heroes’. I can’t decide if they’re capable or incompetent–they lent their efforts to the kingdom’s territorial expansion, but after that were completely unable to stop the country’s decline or the princess’ rampage. But I didn’t know that Elluka was one of them.” Having said that much Margarita abruptly shook her head, seeming doubtful. “But that’s strange, isn’t it? The Three Heroes’ activities were over a hundred years ago, weren’t they? The Elluka that I know isn’t that old.”

“…Yeah. Of course, people don’t just live forever without aging. There’s an accepted theory that the name ‘Elluka’ is passed down to skilled sorceresses from period to period.”

“My my. Then Elluka must be a suitably powerful sorceress who has inherited the name. Hahaha.”

Margarita looked as pleased as if she’d been praised herself.

“Looks like it…But—”

“…?”

Hanne’s expression grew serious, and Margarita peered at her face with great interest.

Upon seeing that, Hanne flusteredly waved both her hands to smooth things over.

“Ah, no…never mind, it’s nothing.”

It seemed that Margarita had a great deal of trust in this ‘Elluka’. It wouldn’t be a good idea to badmouth her in front of her. Hanne wanted to speak to her a little bit longer before offending her and getting chased out.

The Elluka Clockworker of now that Hanne knew of—was a fearsome criminal.

Twelve years ago, a town in the country of Marlon named Lioness was annihilated.

The blaze of a fire that started close to Lioness Castle in the north of town eventually engulfed the whole place, burning up everything in its path—including the roses that were growing all over.

It was a terrible fire, with a death toll exceeding two hundred people. Among those that died there was chief minister Shaw Freezis’ nephew, who visited Lioness from time to time—Dashaw Freezis, the future heir to the Freezis Foundation.

And at that time…Hanne herself had been there. She’d come along as Dashaw’s attendant. When she’d gotten caught in the calamity, at first she couldn’t grasp what was happening. And before she knew it, Dashaw, who had saved her from the flames by letting himself get burned in the process, was gone.

After the town had become ashes, several of the residents who had just barely managed to survive offered up a name—and that name had been “Elluka Clockworker”. The sorceress had suddenly appeared in town, decided to break into Lioness Castle, and from there released her flames towards the town.

Even now, “Elluka Clockworker” was known throughout Marlon as the great criminal who had burned down a whole town. But that wasn’t necessarily the case here in the far-removed Elphegort. Crimes were happening all the time everywhere. There was no one who would have all the facts on something that happened over a decade ago in a different country. It was surely the same for Margarita.

But Hanne—she would never forget that time.

“Are you alright, Miss Hanne?”

When Margarita spoke up to her, Hanne realized for the first time that she’d been standing there silently.

“Ah, sorry…I was just lost in thought. So then, where is this ‘Elluka’ now?”

“Now that you mention it, she hasn’t been around lately. She wasn’t there at the funeral either…Well, she’s always like that. Sometimes she’ll aimlessly show up, and then disappear again.”

“Does she not live here in town?”

“No. I think she comes here from somewhere far off. Kaspar was always saying ‘thanks for coming all this way’. I don’t know where she’d come here from.”

“When’s the most recent you’ve seen her?”

“Hold on…I think it was…around the twenty fifth of August.”

A week before Kaspar passed on. In that case, then “Elluka” probably wasn’t directly related to his death.

–That is, if she could trust in Margarita’s words.

After Kaspar’s death, Toragay had until recently been under the guard of the World Police. It was unlikely that “Elluka” had come to town during that time. And naturally all of the World Police knew about her. She was their most wanted criminal. They only had a likeness of her face drawn up from witness testimony, but they must have a good grasp of her features. The chief minister’s report that “Elluka” had entered Toragay was surely in the hands of the World Police as well. So then, it was hard to imagine that “Elluka” who had been on the lamb for over ten years would show herself here.

Hanne figured that she might not ever show up in town again.

“Well then—do you mind if I take a little look around your estate? I’d like to see more of how Lord Kaspar was living,” Hanne suggested.

She would leave the matter of “Elluka” aside for now. First she wanted to investigate the inside of the mansion for herself.

Of course, the World Police would have already examined everything, so there wasn’t liable to be anything that provided a direct link to any wrongdoing.

But then, that’s not what Hanne was going to look for.

“You may. So…Would you like to first start with the dining room?”

“Yes. Much appreciated.”

.

Compared to Margarita’s room, the dining room had much more inside it. A classy blue tablecloth was draped over the table in the center, and in the center of that there was a silver candelabra. The brass clock on the mantel of the fireplace looked fairly expensive. As they would entertain guests here—including Kaspar’s mistresses—they’d decorated it with a bit more glamor.

“While you’re here, would you like something to eat? I’ve just had lunch made, you see,” Margarita said suddenly.

“Do you usually make the meals here?”

“Yes. We have no servants, so I always do. I like to cook, and I would often do so before I got married. …Are you skilled in cooking as well, Miss Hanne? You seem a little like you are.”

“No…Not really.”

She wasn’t being humble–Hanne was just really bad at cooking. It wasn’t that she couldn’t at all, but what Hanne made was more to the level of being just barely edible. For her, eating meals was just to gain nourishment, so it wasn’t a problem. Heidamarie would treat her to some delicious dishes when they’d lived together, but since they’d started living apart she’d returned to her usual simple and tasteless culinary lifestyle.

So, Hanne had no idea what would make Margarita think otherwise. When she asked her, she tilted her head to the side in confusion.

“Why? …Well, I’m not sure. Just because. …I guess for some reason it feels like this isn’t the first time I’ve met you, Miss Hanne.”

That was impossible. Hanne and Margarita’s first encounter had been at the funeral.

Hanne did know of someone who had the same face as Margarita. But that couldn’t possibly be Margarita herself.

“Could it be that I just remind you of someone else?”

“Um, maybe? …That might be it. Elluka did tell me, ‘In this world, people who resemble each other come in threes’.” It sounded like Margarita had settled on that for herself. “Well then, what will you do? Would you like to have some lunch?”

At Margarita asking again, Hanne shook her head.

“I’m not all that hungry today. But I appreciate the thought.”

“I see—What a shame…Ah, that’s right! In that case, you should go to the Charity Institute. I’ll treat you to a meal there.”

“The…Charity Institute?”

“It’s in the western corner of town. It’s a facility for abandoned children, and my father invested in it when it was founded. Due to that connection I sometimes go there to cook for the children every now and then.”

“Yeah, but eating food intended for orphans seems a bit sketchy…”

“It’s alright! I’ll just make enough for one more person. I’m the one footing the bill, so the children won’t be taking any losses.”

It must be part of that so-called charity work for nobles. She didn’t know if she was going to make food as the daughter of the Felix family, or as the bride of the Blankenheim family. Well, she was both. on paper.

“You had dinner with Dr. Felix in this dining room on September eighteenth, didn’t you?”

Hanne forcibly changed the subject to deflect from Margarita’s invitation.

“Yes…that was the day before my father grew ill,” she replied, voice dropping.

“Did you make the meal then as well?”

“Yes, of course.”

“What did you two talk about during dinner?”

“This is…like a police interview.”

The smile had vanished from Margarita’s face.

“If I’ve made you uncomfortable, I’m sorry. I’ve just gotten a little curious, that’s all.”

Hanne put on the sweetest smile that she could to smooth things over.

“It’s alright. I suppose that too is your job as a reporter. That day…I don’t really remember what it was we talked about. I think it might have been about Kaspar. But I don’t think it was anything worth really putting in an article–” Margarita replied.

Her tone sounded different than it had been just moments before.

Perhaps she was lying—That was what Hanne’s gut told her.

Maybe Margarita had been offended by something that her father had said to her then. Like, “Forget about Kaspar, find a new husband”—or even worse, “You murdered Kaspar, didn’t you!?”.

Enraged, Margarita then tried to murder her own—

No. There was too much speculation involved. Considering she hadn’t even found the method of murder yet, even she could see that cross-examining Margarita on this would be a fool’s errand.

“Have you gone to see how your father is doing?”

Hanne changed the question.

“No, not yet…I had Kaspar’s funeral to worry about. I plan to go to Aceid to see how he is very soon.”

“I hope your father gets better soon.”

“Yes…Shall we head to the next room now?” Margarita cut in, seeming to not want to continue the conversation any further.

.

The marquis’ room. The room she’d come to when she first came to visit.

Obviously the marquis and his lover weren’t lying in bed this time. They had now been laid to rest at the church graveyard.

It was an ostentatious double bed, fit for royalty. It was a far cry from the humble single bed in Margarita’s room—

…Hm?

Having arrived at that thought, there Hanne realized something strange.

There was a bed in Margarita’s room. Well, it was only natural for a bed to be in someone’s sleeping quarters.

–Ordinarily, anyway. And because it was so natural, Hanne hadn’t questioned it when she’d seen the room at first.

“I have something I’d like to ask you…You have a sleepless condition, don’t you madam?”

That was what Ayn had said.

“Yes, I do…It’s strange, isn’t it?” Margarita answered.

“But there was a bed in your room.”

If it was true that she never slept, then wasn’t a bed unnecessary?

“Ah…That was something that Kaspar bought for me when we were married. At the time he hadn’t known that I don’t sleep,” Margarita explained.

Hanne thought that there was a problem there too. That modest little thing was something he bought for his new bride? And he didn’t even know of Margarita’s condition until they got married? In other words, that meant that Kaspar and Margarita hadn’t been in the same bed together up until that point.

Maybe it wasn’t a marriage for love. It was easy to imagine, reflecting back on both families’ circumstances. An…arranged marriage, so to speak. One family wanted money, the other wanted influence.

This whole time she’d been speaking to Margarita, she hadn’t seemed all that truly sad over Kaspar’s death. It was possible that she’d been able to put her feelings in order to some extent because over a month had passed since her husband died, but even so Hanne thought it at least a little bit odd.

And then there was Margarita’s sleepless condition. When she thought on it again, it was an absurdly miraculous thing. Hanne had never met someone like that for as long as she’d been alive. If all people were like Margarita, never sleeping, then the structure of the world would probably be very, very different.

“How long have you been unable to sleep?” Hanne asked.

She had already heard from Ayn that it had been since birth, but she wanted to check that for herself.

“Always. From the moment I received life in this world. I have lived up until now without ever learning what it means to sleep.”

“Did your parents have the same condition?”

Margarita shook her head.

“But if you never sleep…don’t you get tired?”

Hanne was the type who typically needed proper rest. It wasn’t that she’d never pull an all-nighter working, but normally she would have to rest for eight hours a day. Even then, lately her body had been feeling sluggish even without being exhausted.

“Tired…? I’ve never felt anything like that.”

How positively enviable. Of course, that was the opinion of someone who normally slept and normally got tired, and Margarita didn’t seem to be that kind of person herself.

“Miss Hanne, do you mind if I ask you something?” Margarita asked, sitting down on the bed.

“Go ahead, as long as it’s something I can answer.”

“People like me, who don’t sleep…Are there really no others? Not just nowadays, but maybe some figure from history who’s like that…”

“—There are stories of a few people who are short sleepers, those who need little time to rest. Such as the idea that the old Empress of Beelzenia, Juno, only needed to sleep for four hours a day. Though I don’t know if it’s true. But as for someone who never sleeps at all…I at least haven’t heard of anyone.”

“I see…”

“Only…that’s if we limit it to ‘normal’ people.”

“What do you mean?”

“There are several figures in history who were thought to have contracted with ‘demons’. Figures who were linked in some way to ‘Elluka Clockworker’, who we were talking about earlier. Sateriasis Venomania, Banica Conchita, Riliane Lucifen d’Autriche, and Kyle Marlon, to name a few…There are theories that claim they each had unique powers that would be impossible for normal people.”

“And what does that have to do with my condition?”

“…Well, if we were to speculate that you were a contractor with a ‘demon’—it wouldn’t be out of place if you had the ‘power’ of never needing to sleep.”

Hanne gazed into Margarita’s face, searching her expression.

“Haha…What a fascinating topic. But—that can’t be. I don’t recall ever making such a contract, and I’ve been sleepless since I was born. Unless you’re saying I made that contract while I was still a fetus?”

“I see your point…Well, it was only an hypothesis. Like maybe an inhuman power was being used on you.”

“And here I was thinking that a reporter would be more of a realist. I’m surprised to hear you talking of such occult matters.”

“Do you not believe in such things yourself?”

“Oh no, it’s not that at all. I’m friends with a sorceress, after all. Though I’ve never seen her perform any magic before…Anyway, next I’ll show you to the hall.”

Guided by Margarita, Hanne too left the room.

.

After looking around the first and second floor rooms, the last place they visited was the basement. It had several rooms, but most of them were used for storage. It was just as Ayn had described.

“Well, I can’t imagine there’s much to see down here,” Margarita said as she led the way.

Hanne had to agree that most of the items in the storerooms were worn out furniture and junk. Depending on the room, some of them were covered in cobwebs, making it clear that no one had entered them in a while. Hanne hurried along after Margarita while glancing into each room one by one.

There was one empty room that had nothing in it. That was likely the storeroom where Ayn had found the scrap of “Freezis Fairytale”.

“What about this one? …Though it doesn’t seem to have anything in it,” Hanne asked Margarita nonchalantly.

“That was the storeroom Kaspar kept for private use, so I don’t know what was in it. It was normally locked.”

“Looks like it’s open now.”

“The World Police officers picked the lock when they came to talk to me. When they got inside the room was stripped bare…The officers thought that was strange too.”

“Maybe a thief got in?”

“I don’t know; if they did I can’t imagine I wouldn’t have noticed…At least, Kaspar would have said something. But he didn’t, so maybe Kaspar himself moved everything in there by chance before he died.”

The truth was lost in darkness, now that Kaspar had passed on. She’d have to hope that Ayn’s investigation would come up with the truth on that part.

There was one other room that looked different from the others. All the articles inside were packed up in boxes, and it was more neatly arranged than the other rooms, as though it was regularly cleaned diligently. There were wooden desks in the corners of the room, and laid out on top of them were experimental implements.

“And this room?” Hanne asked.

Margarita replied, a little bashfully, “This is the storeroom I use. It’s also a place where I mix up drugs.”

“Drugs?”

“I would help out with my father’s work before I got married, so I have some medical talent. As such, whenever Kaspar would feel ill I would mix up a little something for him to take. Of course, if it was anything serious I would call on my father.”

“Then the contents of these various boxes—”

“Medicinal plants, drug ingredients, and the like. All of it purchased at the La Bula pharmacy here in town.”

“Did the World Police take a look around here as well?”

“Naturally. Actually, Dr. Rogzé was the one who inspected all of the materials in here. –Apparently he suspected there might be something there that could be used as poison. But his suspicions were cleared up right away.”

That made sense. When Hanne had met with Puerick Rogzé in Lucifenia, he hadn’t said a word about any of this to her. If there had been any poisons there, then he certainly would have touched on it. There was no reason for him to conceal that from Hanne.

“But why mix drugs in a basement like this? Surely you could do better than a dim place like this, bereft of sunlight—”

“It’d be a bit of a hassle to bring all the equipment upstairs, wouldn’t it? And it’s a bit calming staying here in the basement.”

Hanne thought to herself that she was a bit of an odd woman.

.

When they’d finished looking around the rooms and had once more returned to Margarita’s room on the second floor, twilight had started streaming in from the windows. She’d arrived just before lunch—apparently she’d stayed a lot longer than she thought.

“Well then, I’ll take my leave now. The newspaper that the article will be published in should come the week after next—I’ll drop by here again then and bring you a copy.”

“Heheh, I look forward to it.”

Margarita gave her an unclouded smile.

After she’d left the mansion, Hanne gazed at the garden and once more got to thinking.

–Looking at things circumstantially, if Kaspar and Marx hadn’t really been suffering from illness, then one could say the odds of Margarita having poisoned them were very high.

She had pharmaceutical knowledge. If she had the inclination it was possible she could mix up a poison to use. As she made their meals for them, it would be child’s play to slip a toxin in. And in actuality, Marx collapsing in his home had occurred after he’d eaten a meal that Margarita had made for him.

Only, there were several problems with that. Like where Margarita would have gotten the poison ingredients in the first place. It was mere speculation, but it was natural to consider that she had gotten them from “Elluka”. However, right now there was no evidence indicating that. It was starting to look like she would need to search for something to substantiate the idea.

Then there was the matter of where she could be hiding these toxic ingredients, or even the poison itself. Margarita had said that the mansion had been thoroughly searched by the World Police. If she had anything like that in there, it would be strange for them not to find it. Maybe she was hiding it in some other location. If so, then Hanne would need to keep a close eye on her movements.

Yeah…in the end I couldn’t find anything in that mansion.

As she had gone around the mansion, Hanne had been secretly looking for something.

–A “Vessel of Deadly Sin”. Hanne had been keeping her eyes peeled for something like that the entire time she was there.

The conversation that she’d had with Margarita about “demons”…That hadn’t really been so absurd a topic.

A contractor with a demon—“Elluka Clockworker” was always involved there, as well as one other component…a “Vessel of Deadly Sin”.

Written in a textbook published by historian Will Jaakko was this:

Demons don’t just spontaneously appear from nothing. They dwell inside objects commonly called “Vessels of Deadly Sin”, and from there lure in weak-willed humans. According to the word of a sorceress that I consider to be a friend, there are seven “Vessels of Deadly Sin”, and inside each of them are demons that embody, respectively, “Lust”, “Gluttony”, “Pride”, “Sloth”, “Envy”, “Greed”, and “Wrath”. Those who make a contract with them become beings equal to “hereditary evil raisers”—that is, HERs. Historically speaking, the oldest confirmed HER was the leader of “Apocalypse”, the warlock “Pale Noel”. It is said that he was not a demon contractor, but a natural HER. The sorceress told me that HERs like him were in great number in the turn of the pre-era–shortly before the “Leviantan Catastrophe”. If a great deal of HERs spring forth, then that will lead the world to destruction. Just as the old Magic Kingdom Levianta fell to ruin. That sorceress continues to fight even today to keep that from happening—

A ludicrous book written by a bogus scholar—that was society’s estimation, but even now, about two hundred years since the textbook’s contents were published there were a scant few people who believed in it.

One of them was the chief minister, Shaw Freezis. As for why, his mother—the founder of the “Freezis Firm” that the Freezis Foundation used to be, Keel Freezis’ wife Mikina—had been one of those “contractors”. Having experienced firsthand the terrifying nature of “demons”, Shaw Freezis had made it his mission to keep at bay the calamities caused by the “Vessels of Deadly Sin”. Now that his personal freedom had waned, he was entrusting that mission to Hanne.

If Margarita was a “contractor”, then all of her reasoning up until now would be moot. If she had the power of a demon, it would be a simple matter for her to kill someone without leaving a trace behind. In order to verify that, she would need to find at any cost the “Vessel of Deadly Sin”, the intermediary to the demon.

On the other hand, in the event that Margarita wasn’t a “contractor”—then she’d be bottlenecked on the issue of there being no traces of poison in Kaspar and Marx. No matter how much pharmaceutical skill Margarita had, there was no way she could create a toxin that would fool an expert in the field like Puerick.

It seemed there was still a great deal to investigate. However—

Hanne had started to lessen in the sense of urgency regarding this case that she’d held at the beginning.

At the very least, with Margarita…Even if she had committed those murders, and even if she was a “contractor” after all. It didn’t seem like she’d cause anything to really happen.

She wouldn’t have any reason to kill anyone else. She’d put down an adulterous husband, and her father—though she didn’t know what kind, if any, antagonism they’d had between them—wasn’t in any condition to bring her harm, Marx probably wouldn’t wake up again.

And then that of course left some concern over “Elluka”’s whereabouts. While Hanne needed to find her for her own personal reasons, might she at some point come back to Toragay again? Whatever the case Hanne had no way to track her down right now. There was nothing to do but wait for her to make a move.

She needed to dig into the truth of the matter. If Margarita was the killer, then regardless of her circumstances she would have to answer for that.

But there was no need to rush. She would investigate carefully and reliably.

–That was how Hanne had started to think.
