It was midnight that same night. After walking around all over town all day, Hanne was sleeping very soundly.

It was a quiet night. That was normal for this town. In a place like Toragay with little amusements to be found, there were hardly any people who would be sauntering around in the middle of the night.

–But that silence ended up being smashed in an instant.

.

She didn’t know how to characterize that sound.

She couldn’t tell if it was a “Shhpah!”, or “Crack!”, or “Ka-boom!”

At any rate, she was certain that it was unbelievably loud. Hanne’s rest was tragically disturbed by it.

“…What’s that?”

With sleepy eyes, Hanne reflexively looked out the window. That was where she’d heard the sound coming from.

Something was brilliantly shining on the other side of the frosted glass. It was nighttime, without a doubt, but that area right there was as bright as day.

The light gradually grew larger, until finally it had taken up the entire window; then, Hanne, having already inferred that it was something dangerous, took cover beside the bed.

–Something was coming!

Another explosive noise.

The light lanced towards the window, and shattered the glass into pieces. Hanne left the room, shielding herself from the flying shards.

Brigitta had apparently noticed the noise, and was in the process of slowly making her way up the stairs when she muttered, carefree, “I would think it’s a bit early for festival season.”

“Are festivals in Toragay really so extreme? I’ve never heard of a festival that shoots fireworks where people are trying to sleep.”

“Neither have I…Oh dear, they’re being quite flashy about this.” Brigitta peeked into the room Hanne had been sleeping in and heaved a sigh.

“I think someone’s attacking the inn. Let’s get out of here.”

“You say that, but where would we go? We can’t use the front door.”

A terrible banging noise was audible from the entranceway. It sounded like someone was trying to break in the door.

“—Then let’s head to the attic for now. We’ll hide in there and wait out the intruder.”

“I guess there’s no other recourse for feeble women like us…Honestly, of all the times for that idiot boy of mine to be out!”

Hanne and Brigitta advanced to further inside the second floor, and went up using the wooden ladder that led to the attic.

Quietly holding their breath in an attic decked with spiderwebs, they heard the sound of a door breaking from downstairs.

And then there were footsteps climbing up the stairs. It didn’t sound like a lot of people—probably just one.

From the sound of it, the owner of the footsteps went around checking each room on the second floor one by one. After seeing that there was no one there, the person shouted out, “Come out, quietly! I know that, Rin Chan’s, been brought here!”

It was a young woman’s voice. Brigitta leaned close to Hanne and quietly whispered, “…Your name wasn’t Rin Chan, was it?”

“No. My name is Hanne Lorre.”

“That’s right. Well, this girl must have come here under some misunderstanding.”

“It…looks that way.”

Hanne stood up, looking a little awkward, and then faced the ladder that led down.

“Oy, what are you going to do, Hanne?”

“I’m going down there to stop her. …And uh…I’ll apologize for this right now. I’m very sorry.”

“–? Why are you apologizing?”

“It’s…I’ll explain later.”

When she had heard the scream of the intruder, Hanne immediately knew.

–The true identity of that voice’s owner.

The moment that Hanne had returned to the second floor using the ladder, the owner of the voice shoved her gun at her.

“Freeze.”
That short, green hair. The uniform she was wearing—it belonged to the World Police.

“Hah…” Hanne sighed, holding both of her hands in the air.

“…!?”

So finally, it seemed the other woman had realized it too.

“What…? Why are you…in a place like this?” She lowered her gun, standing stock still with an expression of bemusement.

“That’s my line. …What do you think you’re doing?”

“I was…pursuing Rin Chan’s kidnapper…here.”

“I don’t recall doing any kidnapping.”

“…Right.”

“Hah…”

Hanne let out another huge sigh.

.

This had become quite the reunion with her “younger sister”, Heidamarie.
