Diva Rin Chan, Kidnapped!?—Her Guardian, Mr. Corpa, Slain
Mr. Ton Corpa, a merchant residing in Rolled, the Republic of Lucifenia, was discovered dead in his own home by his servants October 6th.

Mr. Corpa had a deep puncture wound in his back, thought to have been the fatal blow. The World Police plans move forward with their investigation of the murder case.

The man is known for being the guardian of Rin Chan, the famous singing idol.

Rin Chan has been missing since the 6th. For that reason, the World Police had been suggesting at first that it was possible she’d killed Mr. Corpa, however the aforementioned servants had also witnessed her being taken away by someone that very day.

The World Police is now seeing that the culprit had killed Mr. Corpa for the purpose of kidnapping Rin Chan.

They have word that the criminal had escaped to Elphegort, the World Police are calling far and wide for the nation’s people to supply any information they can.

In the event of spotting either someone who looks like the culprit or Rin Chan, take this to either the World Police’s Elphegort division or your nearest World Police Station.

.

Remembering Marquis Blankeheim—A Feature on Kaspar Blankenheim (I)

In recalling Marquis Kaspar Blankenheim, the recently deceased lord of Toragay, I wish to look back over the achievements of his his life and livelihood over three separate installments.

Sir Kaspar was born August 30th in the year 588, the eldest son to Karl Blankenheim—

[the rest is omitted]
