The girl had been a doll from birth.

From the beginning she had no mother.

But the girl had Gallerian. And thanks to the affection that this excellent judge poured freely upon her, she was never made to feel lonely.

To the girl, Gallerian was her “father”, and to Gallerian the girl was his “daughter”.

.

The girl could not walk, and so her room came to steadily be filled with various items.

A red wineglass, and a blue spoon—

They all had a mind inside them. To the girl the wineglass became her “big sister”, and the spoon became her “big brother”.

.

Eventually, a theater was built in a forest, and the girl wound up being moved there.

The small articles of her room went with her. Around that time they had increased in number. They were a wineglass, a spoon, a katana, hand mirrors, and scissors.

Gallerian would come to the theater regularly, and took care of the girl.

But one day—her “father” died.

He burned up in hellfire born from war.

.

At that time, the girl had been with Gallerian. Though she should have been at the theater, she had been transferred to his mansion by some strange power.

The girl unleased a power she had kept hidden. She set blue flames upon their enemies, and tried to protect Gallerian…but in the end the mansion had caught fire, and she had burned up along with him.

–But when she came to, she had returned to the theater once more.

Perhaps the events that had just happened were a dream…That was what she thought.

But this was refuted by the burn scars left on her body.

And the “Sorceress of Time” who had come to the theater told the girl:

“I will never lose a ‘Vessel of Deadly Sin’.”

.
Having lost Gallerian, the girl continued to live in the theater like that.

–And around then, some changes began to occur.

First, her “big sister” residing in the wineglass appeared before the girl in human form.

She told her that she’d had her subordinate make her a new body.

Her “big sister” had a lot of friends. There was Lich, Eater, and the twin servants Arte and Pollo.

Oftentimes they were in the graveyard nearby, rather than the theater itself.

So the girl gave her “big sister” the name of “Master of the Graveyard”.

.

Next, the “Sorceress of Time” brought someone by the name of Postman to the theater.

She would never say anything, so the girl didn’t like her that much.

The one who got along best with Postman was Arte. The two of them were always playing in the graveyard together, but as the girl couldn’t walk she would never join in.

–One day, Postman suddenly became able to talk. And her appearance also came to look exactly like Arte.

When the girl asked Arte why that was, she replied, smiling mischievously:

“I gave her my body. Because her old one was broken.”

As for Arte herself, she apparently had Lich make a new body for her.

It seemed that Postman was waiting for someone.

So the girl gave her the name of “Waiter”.
.

One day her “big brother” in the spoon suddenly grew cold towards the girl.

“You aren’t Eve.”

Just as he said, the girl didn’t have the name of Eve.

As she didn’t want him to hate her even so, the girl decided to give him a present.

There were schematics in the corner of her mind. Using them, she designed a black box.

Upon seeing it, her “big brother” appeared to realize something.

–And then he disappeared from before the girl.

Each time she heard the ticking of the hands on the theater’s clocktower, the girl would remember.

She would remember her “big brother”.

She was sure that he must have become a “gear” of the clocktower.

.

She knew that little by little, the forest was beginning to fall into ruin.

That was because the “Sorceress of Time” was no longer doing her work as the “Gardener”.

The “Master of the Graveyard” and her friends would take care of invaders into the forest, but that wasn’t enough.

They needed someone who could calm the forest.

To protect the theater.

–One other strange change was occurring in the girl.
Lich looked at her and rejoiced that “a miracle has occurred again”.

At some point, the girl had gotten pregnant with child.

.

A cursed man had been captured by Eater.

A trial was held to decide what to do with him.

The girl handed him the death sentence as Master of the Court, mimicking her “father”.

…But “Waiter” voiced an objection to that.

She suggested making this man, who had held his own against even the servants, protect the forest.

It was a little hard to stomach, but it was also a good idea.

The girl withdrew the death sentence, and made the cursed man the new “gardener”.

.

Many “residents” had come to live at the theater—

And somewhere along the way they had started calling the girl the “Doll Director”.

.

And she finally gave birth.

She had a pair of adorable twins.

These children would create a new era.

.
To her twins, the girl—

Gave the names “Adam” and “Eve”.

.

And immediately afterward, the world was destroyed.
