–How were they going to get into the theater that was floating in the air?

That was the first challenge Riliane and the others faced.

“That’s simple enough.” Venomania gave a reckless smile as he crouched in the bushes. “We should just fly up there with my wings. I can certainly carry two women with me.”

…It didn’t look like they had any other methods, but there was another problem.

A contingent of Tasan soldiers were waiting beneath the theater.

Even if they tried flying up to it, they’d just wind up full of holes from their guns. They wouldn’t die from it, but they wanted to avoid being needlessly exhausted before getting into the theater.

“Let’s do a surprise attack,” Kayo proposed, hiding under the shadow of a tree.

But Venomania looked sullen at that.

“I got a bad feeling about that idea. There’s a lot of them. And that would be up against just the two of us—”

“Hold on just a second! You’re not counting me in that!?” Riliane complained quietly.

Venonamia simply returned with an unruffled expression, “Then let me ask you this, princess. Do you have some special skill? Like transforming, or using magic?”

“…I know a bit of swordsmanship.”

“Can’t count on the teaching of the royal family for that.”

“Grr…”

“We may be souls now, but that doesn’t mean we can do anything we want. Apparently the experiences we had while alive play a big part in it.”

“—I would think I have more experience then you guys.”

“Is that right? Well then that just means you wasted more of it.”

“You…brute!”

Riliane’s voice pitched up without her realizing it.

–And the Tasan soldiers reacted to her voice.

“–!”

“Someone’s hiding over there!”

They readied their guns and came heading over.

Venomania swiftly picked up Kayo and Riliane in his arms and then spread his wings.
“No helping it now, let’s go!” he cried, taking off towards the theater.

The soldiers faltered for a moment on seeing them, but then appeared to immediately regain their senses and started shooting up into the air.

Venomania twirled through the air to dodge the bullets.

“Gah…There really are a lot of them. I dunno if we’ll be able to stay unscathed until we get there…”

“Can’t you control them with your magic!?” Riliane screamed, held under Venomania’s left arm.

“My powers only work on the opposite sex! They’re almost all men!”

“Then go faster!“

”I’m going as fast as I can!“

Still, they managed to somehow ascend halfway to where the theater was in the air.

The bullets were still being fired at them, but they couldn’t reach them now.

“Looks like we’re outside their firing range, so we should be safe—”

“No, Duke-sama…look over there.” Kayo pointed to a tree over at the forest. “There’s a soldier over there with a gun. –Looks like they’ve got a sniper rifle.”

Upon hearing that, Riliane paled.

“A sniper rifle!? Come on Duke, get higher!”
“I know!”

But right then an especially loud boom resounded.

“Grk!?”

A bullet struck Kayo’s right shoulder. She let a small cry of pain.

“Kayo!?”

“…I’m alright, Duke-sama. I’ve got more solid skin than the average person.” A glimpse of transformed scales could be seen briefly from inside the neck of Kayo’s kimono. “…Let’s hurry. Before the next bullet comes.”

“Right. –Wait, hold on a second.” Venomania seemed to have noticed something. “The soldiers on the ground look strange. They sound like they’re screaming about something…I can’t tell what from here though.”

The reason for that quickly became clear.

The soldiers’ movements were becoming progressively stiffer—until at last they had all frozen up entirely.

No more bullets were fired.

“…What just happened? Did—Kayo, was that you?”

“No…It wasn’t me.”

“Then, could it have been—”

Venomania turned to Riliane.
But she slowly shook her head.

“Not me…But—”

“Looks like you have an idea of what.”

“—They won’t get in the way anymore. Shall we hurry on to the theater?”

“…True. Let’s go.”

Venomania flapped his wings faster to once more start rising through the air, not questioning her further.

.

Riliane softly whispered in her mind,

…You’ve always watched out for me. Thank you…Hanma, my father.
