The “Eternal Sorceress”, Elluka Clockworker, who had lived for over six hundred years.

She had been born in the long-gone Magic Kingdom, and had once died there.

That Magic Kingdom falling to ruin had been no one’s fault but hers. To be accurate, the kingdom had been made into a ruin by the catastrophe caused by the white ark “Sin” going haywire as a result of the “Clockworker Secret Art” used by her fiancé, who’d been trying to resurrect her.

The secret art “Clockwork” could manipulate time and space.

The forbidden ark “Sin” could revive a dead person.

Elluka’s fiancé had tried to restore the broken “Sin” by winding back its time. Because, though the “Clockwork” alone was able to revive a dead person’s body, it wasn’t able to restore their soul.

And so, Elluka was brought back to life. But the “Sin” didn’t just bring Elluka back—it brought another being into the world.

A two-headed dragon that had been worshipped as one of the pillar gods appeared in the Magic Kingdom. It didn’t take much time at all for the dragon to reduce it to ruins. Fortunately, as it had been brought back incomplete, the dragon self-destructed and eventually disappeared; were it not for that, it might have burned to ashes not just the Magic Kingdom but the entire world.

However, with the last of its power, fragments of the dragon flew to the nearby forest, and abducted a pair of twins that lived there. Those twins themselves were imperfect copies of the dragon who had been created by humans.

And then—by the twins’ hands the “Vessels of Deadly Sin” were born.

It was little more than a last death throe by the dragon as it waited for its annihilation, after all. Demons dwelled in the “Vessels of Sin”, and while it was easy to conceive that they could bring calamity to the human race, it paled in comparison to the catastrophe brought about by the dragon itself.

Nonetheless, the “Vessels of Deadly Sin” were as a result no less than something born because of her. As she had also been requested as such by another pillar god, Held, Elluka decided to collect the “Vessels of Deadly Sin” out of a sense of responsibility and purpose, and to kill time.

She didn’t know clearly if it was because of the power of “Sin”, or if it was the influence of the “Clockwork”, but Elluka had also obtained an ageless body and soul.

On the other hand, one could say that it made her search for the vessels tedious. She had infinite time—and that idea had stolen her proactivity from her. As a result, even now that six hundred years had passed, she had yet to collect all seven of the “Vessels of Deadly Sin”.

Thanks to the passage of time, the once destroyed human culture had developed again. Consequently, it wasn’t as simple for the ageless Elluka to fit into society as it was before. Especially a hundred years ago, she wasn’t pleased with how famous she’d gotten as one of the “Three Heroes” in the Kingdom of Lucifenia. In order to make society forget her, Elluka had then decided to discard her name.

Shaw Freezis had aided her in that. He gave her and her apprentice Gumillia new identities. Shaw’s great-grandchildren—the real Hanne and Heidemarie—had both passed from illness when they were young, so Elluka and Gumillia settled into their place.

And so, “Elluka Clockworker” would disappear from the world for a time—or at least, that was the idea, but it was there that a new problem emerged.

Another person carrying the name of “Elluka Clockworker” appeared. She burned down the town of Lioness, and caused strife in other places. Thanks to that, Elluka as Hanne increasingly lost the chance to take back her old name.

When the Magic Kingdom fell to ruin, Elluka had thought that she was the only true sorceress left. But in truth, from time to time other magic users made themselves known, and got in Elluka’s way. Especially when events connected to the “Vessels of Deadly Sin” occurred, said magic users would get entangled with them.

“IR”, “AB-CIR”, and “Abyss IR”. The names and identities varied, but each one had spells that could manipulate fire, and each had a red cat with them.

At first, Elluka had thought that this of these magic users: Maybe, they had inherited their magic and ideology through the ages.

However, her line of thinking changed when she confronted “Abyss IR” a hundred years ago. Aside from her fire spells, Abyss IR knew a spell to let her hijack another person’s body. And using that, she had even tried to take over Elluka’s body.

The swap technique—that was an exceedingly difficult spell. Even in the old Magic Kingdom there were few people who could use it, and Elluka herself only knew of four.

The queen, Merry-Go-Round.

Her son, Adam Moonlit.

The original sinner, Eve Zvezda.

And the witch, Meta Salmhofer.

Even Elluka couldn’t use it before she’d been revived by the “Sin”…Could these mere magic users be able to manage it?–That question rose in Elluka’s mind.

The conclusion that she arrived at was that Abyss was not using the swap technique. She was not entering other people’s bodies, but simply controlling them.

The sorceress’ true body was the red cat that she was taking along with her. She turned out to be correct, and thanks to having figured that out, the then-hero Germaine Avadonia had been able to fend off Abyss.

Speaking accurately, the red cat was just a plushy, and it was the spirit dwelling inside it that was the sorceress’ true self.

Those magic users from throughout the ages were all merely being controlled by the spirit that dwelled inside the plushy.

With that, only one question was left. A spell that would let a spirit dwell in an object wasn’t as high-grade as the “Body Swap Technique”, but it was forbidden to do, and there shouldn’t have been anyone who knew the specific methods for it even in the time of the Magic Kingdom.

As for who had conducted it, and who was the spirit in the first place—Now that the magic Kingdom was gone, there was no one aside from the spirit herself who knew the answer.

Elluka needed to search for her. She’d been told that the woman who had come to Margarita when she was born had a red cat plushy. The woman who had destroyed the town of Lioness was probably her as well.

The problem was the point where this woman revived Margarita, who was supposed to be dead. There was no spell that could revive a dead person. If there was, then Elluka’s fiancé wouldn’t have used the “Sin”. The Magic Kingdom wouldn’t have been destroyed. Even the “Clockwork Secret Art” could only do little more than change a corpse into a zombie.

Perhaps the baby Margarita hadn’t really been dead. Or maybe that woman—the spirit that had been controlling her—was a sorceress far and beyond above even Elluka’s level.

She needed to look for Margarita, and she needed to find that sorceress too. Margarita was first in her priorities, but considering the two of them had a connection she got the feeling she wouldn’t need to pick an entirely different path for it.
