Hanne and her little sister Heidemarie—Or rather, Elluka and her apprentice Gumillia—went to the hospital where Marx was. Naturally, this was to meet with Margarita.

However, she had already left. The doctor attending on Marx told them that she hadn’t returned to Toragay.

“She said that she was going to see her mother,” the doctor replied to them.

But Margarita’s mother was already dead. Rita had told them that she’d lost her life when Margarita was born.

Elluka thought maybe she’d gone to visit her grave, but her mother’s grave was at the church in Toragay. Now that the road was on lockdown she wouldn’t be able to go there.

“Did she say anything else about this ‘mother’?” Elluka asked the doctor.

“Well…Ah, now that you mention it, I do think she said a name. As I recall—Ellie or something.”

Elluka Clockworker…Naturally, that didn’t mean Elluka herself, who was there right then. It was the impostor, who’d used her name to get close to Margarita.

However, Margarita had said that she didn’t know the false Elluka’s whereabouts. Had she lied, or had she gotten some clue on it after they’d talked?

In either case, they had suddenly lost their means of determining Margarita’s whereabouts.

“What a mess…”

Seeing as how they had nothing else to do, all that was left was to force their way into Toragay. There was a high risk to it, and if Margarita wasn’t in there to begin with then this time for sure they would be completely out of leads.

As Elluka worried over this, Gumillia held something out beside her.

“—What’s that?”

It was a map of Elphegort. One point on the map had been marked with a red X.

“I borrowed, something Ayn had,” Gumillia explained regarding the map.

“Ayn told me, that he’d found, the new black market place. Maybe this X, is that place.”

“I see…”

If Kaspar had been the one to take responsibility for the Toragay black market, then who inherited it after his death? Perhaps the fake Elluka, his “business partner”. If the black market location was in operation—then that meant that chances were high she would be there.

And then Margarita would be with her—

What a coincidence, that place with the X mark. It was a land that Elluka had gone to two months before for her newspaper coverage.

“Calgaround on Merrigod Plateau…”

Rita had said that the fake Elluka had been wearing red clothing. Ah—so then the town enclosed by red walls, and the red outfit—

She couldn’t be certain from that alone, but if Elluka’s guess was accurate, then the fake Elluka’s real identity was—

“Thank you, Gumillia. I might be able to figure this all out with this. Let’s head there after we see how things are in Toragay, just to be safe.”

“You should, be thanking Ayn.”

“True…Maybe we’ll go see him again when this is all over.”

And then, when Elluka and Gumillia moved to leave the hospital and head off.

“Uugh…”

There was a faint, wavering voice coming from nearby. They could hear someone groaning from a room further in.

“—That’s the room with Dr. Felix in it. It can’t be…I’ll go check on him,” the doctor said, hurriedly rushing towards the room.

Elluka and Gumillia took interest and decided to follow after the doctor.

The moment they entered, they noticed a bizarre change had occurred.

Marx had roused himself from bed. Marx, who had been sleeping since he’d gotten sick in his home in Toragay.

“…What in the world…Ohhh…”

He was awake, although he seemed to be suffering a great deal.

“Mr. Felix! Thank goodness, you’ve recovered.”

The doctor ran over to Marx.

“You…you seem to have a very different air about you…” Marx said, directed not at the doctor but Elluka, who was behind him.

“Yeah, some stuff happened.”

“I see…I don’t get it, but…Ahh…That’s right…I remember…I—I…ugh…I remember everything…” Marx said, clutching his head.

“Are you alright? Perhaps you should rest a little bit m—”

“Yes…Ever since that day…Since that day my wife and Margarita died…the witch…and, that doll…”

“Doll?”

“Doll? –You say a doll!?”

“Agh…a doll…I, we…everyone…was deceived. That doll put…everyone to sleep…”

“What are you talking about? Explain a little bit more—”

“Aaaaggggghhhh!”

Marx suddenly screamed. Then he seized his head and tumbled from the bed, his body jumping several times.

“–!? What’s going on!?”

The doctor hurriedly went to grab Marx’s convulsing body and then tried to put him back on the bed.

–But before he could Marx suddenly stopped moving, and once more collapsed like a puppet with its strings cut.

After checking Marx’s condition, the doctor shook his head with a downcast expression.

“Good lord…”

Had Marx awakening been nothing more than a miracle right before his death?

“Elluka…”

Gumillia looked at Elluka from the side regretfully.

“…Guess that didn’t go too well. –But, at least that clears one thing up,” Elluka murmured.

“What?”

“—The doll. Gumilia, you’ve seen it too, haven’t you? That there was one of them among the Vessels of Deadly Sin.”

“…Yeah. The one with the pigtails, that looks like Michaela—Er, the ‘Original Sinner’.”

“Have you met Margarita in person?”

“No, not yet.”

“She also has an appearance that resembles the doll—or to be accurate, the ‘Original Sinner’ Eve Zvezda. Over the past 600 years I’ve met with several people with the same appearance. Mikulia Greeonio, the Phantom Thief Platonic, and Michaela—and all of them ended up having something to do with the Vessels of Deadly Sin, and the incidents caused by them. …Although I suppose Michaela’s a bit of an exception.”

Michaela was a girl who had once been one of Elluka’s apprentices, a spirit who had been reborn by her into a human. Gumillia herself was a former spirit who had been reborn that way at the same time. In Michaela’s case, when she was reborn she had simply selected the appearance of Eve, who she had once seen herself, and so her circumstances were a little different from the others who looked like her.

“Anyway, I suspected Margarita from the beginning on the point of her appearance, but if she’s connected to the doll then I think we can say it’s certain. Without a doubt, Margarita must have made a contract with the demon inside the doll, and using that she’s causing this current tragedy.”

“Then, Margarita—”

“…We have no choice but to kill her, it seems. Just like it’s been up until now, anytime a contractor dies then the curses and spells brought about by their demon are lifted too.”

“Is that…so?”

“Yes. –Whatever the situation, we need to search for Margarita immediately. Before everyone in Toragay dies. …No, not just Toragay. She’s gone to Aceid too. Worst case, the damage might extend over to here as well.”

Everything was a race against time.
