Just has had been written in the newspaper, the road leading to Toragay from Aceid had been completely shut down by the World Police.

“…Looks like it’ll be tricky to slip through here after all,” Elluka muttered while gazing at the hastily made check station from afar. After all, they couldn’t just talk their way through now that they were wanted criminals. “Can’t be helped. We’ll go right to Calgaround as planned, Gumillia.”

They would head to Merrigod Plateau without passing through Toragay for now. It was a bother that they would have to go through the unmaintained mountain path rather than the main road, but they didn’t have any other course of action.

“…Oh?”

It sounded like some kind of quarrel was going on at the check station. Several officers were circling someone, and they were harshly arguing with them.

Elluka and Gumillia moved to get a little closer, and listen in to contents of the conversation.

“—But I’m a resident of Toragay! Why won’t you let me through?!”

“We told you. Toragay is plagued with an epidemic right now. We can’t allow anyone entry or exit.”

“All the more reason to let me go! My mother is still in there. If this keeps up, she’ll die! I have to get her out of there now—"

“You can’t. If you did, then the contagion might spread to outside of the town. It doesn’t matter who, no one can leave now.”

“…You’re bullshitting me! It’s just my mom…You’re telling me to just let her die?”

“…I’m sorry, we have no choice. There’s nothing we can do about it.”

“…You son of a bitch…son of a bitch…”

It sounded like someone was trying to enter town, and being stopped.

She recognized that voice. –The coachman. The innkeeper’s son.

“…Arrgh!”

“–! The hell!? –Seize him!”

The coachman suddenly went wild, attacking the officers.

It was sad, but there was nothing they could do about it now.

“Let’s go, Gumillia—Gumillia!?”

When she turned around, Gumillia was no longer behind her.

A thunderous roar shot through the air. It was coming from where the coachman was. When Elluka looked back, she saw Gumillia knocking one of the officers unconscious with her fireworks gun.

“–!? Who…It’s her! Heidemarie!”

“Arrest her!”

The policemen all got out their matchlock pistols.

Sigh…Good grief.

She felt like lately Gumillia had gotten much more violent in temperament than she used to be. Over a hundred years had passed since she’d changed from spirit to human and started living in human society. Perhaps she’d been influenced by people in some way during that time.

Elluka spread her arms wide and summoned up a wind.

The manipulation of wind was her most favored “spell”.

The swirling wind headed for the officers.

“–!? Waaaugh!”

Among the six officers, three of them were blown away by the wind, slamming into the ground and fainting.

–In the old days, Elluka would have been able to rouse up a larger wind that could round up all of the officers.

It seemed her power level had dropped from what it used to be. She didn’t age…so she’d always thought, but apparently she was wrong. While it may have been much slower than that of the average person, it seemed that time did actually have an effect on Elluka.

Elluka’s current body was not her original one. It was a body she’d swapped for from a woman named Lukana Octo about five hundred years ago. This was something that Elluka could do, as she knew the “Swap Technique” herself, and as she understood it the body that she’d obtained had, like her soul, become something that didn’t deteriorate. –But, that wasn’t necessarily the case. The “Swap Technique” was not something she’d been taught, but a spell that she’d recalled at some point. So Elluka herself didn’t yet understand everything about it.

At some point she’d probably need to get a new body.

–Oop, I guess now isn’t the time to be thinking about something like that.

The remaining officers stood there in a state of unrest, unable to understand what had just happened. Taking advantage of that, Elluka quickly moved closer and spoke up to Gumillia.

“Come on, let’s go.”

“Uh, but—”

“Just get over here! –Hey, you too.”

Elluka grabbed the coachman’s hand as he sat in place in amazement, and then left with him and Gumillia. She could hear shouting and gunshots from behind them, but paid them no mind.

When they’d gotten out of range of both the officers and the check station, Elluka stopped.

“…We should be safe now.”

The coachman, who had been staring at them in a state of utter bewilderment, finally gave a shout of “Aha!”, as though having realized something.

“You’re Miss Hanne! –Have you dyed your hair?”

“…Yeah, just for a change of pace.”

“Your eye color looks a little different too…”

She had periodically changed her eye color to green using magic, but it was about time for that spell to be broken.

“Well, yeah, whatever. Anyway, trying to get into Toragay right now would be absurd.”

“But my mother is in there…”

“There’s nothing you can do by going inside. Miss Brigitta may already be infected–But we might have a method for curing that. Leave it to us for now, okay?”

“…I don’t know, but if you say you can help my mother, then I’ll aid you. Is there anything I can do?”

“Yes…We need to get to Calgaround; can your carriage cross the mountain path?”

“…If we’re going by carriage, there’s a much closer road than the mountain path. A route that goes east around the mountain. There’s an animal trail that only veteran coachmen know about.”

“Outstanding. Then, we’ll have you take us.”

“Good—if we go now, we should make it by nightfall.”
