Section II –Wooden Girl and White Haired Girl—

A fevered body, footsteps made in vain.
Not knowing where I should even go.

Although my vision begins to slowly distort, I still struggle to stay awake.

In short, I must keep on moving forward.

There's a terrible ringing in my ears, and I don't know if it is an illusion, but it's as if I can hear someone
crying out.

The sound, it gets louder and louder, contrasting with my increasingly leaden footsteps.

I struggled to not fall down, so I gritted my teeth and walked on.

Before long, that familiar, large tree came into my view.

Great Eldoh....

There surely will be a way with the great Eldoh's advice...

With my footsteps nearly dragging, I reached out with my right hand.
Just a little more... a little more, and I will be with Eldoh again.

Abruptly, the screams ceased. The familiar trees vanished from my sight too.

---And then I fell into the chaotic darkness---

✿ Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Yatski Village • Clarith’s home” ~

“……Ugh.”

When I regain consciousness, I was greeted by a familiar ceiling and Clarith’s face.

My head hurts. There is no way to ponder; I cannot even my body freely.

Even so, why am I here? Why am I lying down in Clarith’s home? My priority was going to Aceid, but I
wanted to visit Eldoh-san first. I didn’t expect that midway, I would fall unconscious and then, and
then…

“You’re awake. But you still have a little fever. Please continue to lie down.”

Clarith took off the towel on my forehead and replaced it with another one. It was soaked in water and
gave a cool feeling.

“I…”
