“There’s nothing to apologize about and I really appreciate your help.”

In order to ease the tension, I smiled and thanked her again.

“I’m called Michaela. What about you?”

“……Clarith. Michaela, why did you faint in such a place?”

“Eh?”

“Luckily I was just passing by the Millennium Tree Forest when I found you. Generally, only a few people
pass through there…”

When Clarith said that, my heart jumped. It’s true that Eldoh-san having visitors is quite rare.

“Ah, I wanted to go to Aceid…”

“Why are going to Aceid coming from Millenium Tree Forest? That forest is opposite of Lucifenia.”

“Ah… eh… I was coming from Lucifenia.”
As Clarith said, going through the forest would lead you to Lucifenia. As an Elphegortean, there is no
need to walk through the forest because there are other roads that I can take.

I shouldn’t have said that. Walking through the Millennium Tree Forest coming from Lucifenia is not the
right choice. If she continues to question me further, I might not be able to answer anymore.

“I never heard of an Elphegortean living in Lucifenia before.”

“Well, Lucifenia is inhabited by different races of people…”

Elluka said it herself that she wasn’t from Lucifenia so it must be true.

“I’ve been there sometimes, so you’re probably right”

The house has become silent for a while. Clarith did not seem to believe the things I said. I secretly
gazed at her. Tears seem to be floating in her eyes.

I can’t help but stare at her. I don’t know if she is aware that I’m staring at her. Clarith embarrassedly
wiped the tears from her eyes.

“I’m sorry! I really shouldn’t be alive! I’m sorry! I’m sorry!”

Suddenly shouting strange words, I don’t know if she wants to cause a ruckus or she is just plain
frightened. But in any case, it didn’t need to come to this point. I already know her true personality
when I was in my robin form.

“Hey! Clarith! You shouldn’t speak loudly when there is a patient in the house.”

Clarith’s mother’s voice came from inside the room.
