“I heated up the soup. Do you also want some, Miss Michaela?”

Clarith’s mother, carrying a bowl of steaming soup, walked slowly into the room. I suddenly
remembered that she knows my robin form. I got a glanced inside the bowl; thank god it’s not full of
earthworms.

“Please wait a moment. I’ll put some seasonings on it.”

“Ah! Mother!”

Clarith hurriedly grabbed the bowl her mother was carrying as she getting something from a small box.

She got the bowl of soup. I pretended that I didn’t see what was inside the small box that resembled a
caterpillar.

Clarith handed to me the bowl of soup and drank it. It was delicious!

She knew my name even though I haven’t introduced myself. She must be nearby when I and Clarith
were talking. When I was a robin, she saw through it and knew my true identity. My identity might be
revealed sooner or later.

She was still the same as before; a steady smile and an expression I cannot read through.

Suddenly, a knock on the door.

“Clarith! I know you’re in there! You haven’t paid your rent for this month!”

The one who came in was an old man with a cane and a big strong man. The old man was hunched over,
had dark green hair and a long beard. Clarith was filled with fear as she bowed her head.

“Chieftain! I’m sorry… I don’t have money on me right now… Can you give me some more time?”

“If you have no money, then leave. People like you will never be welcomed in other villages other than
here”

“But……”

“Otherwise, you can come to my place tonight and work off your debt~ Hahahaha!”

The old man said with a wretched laugh. Hearing his words, Clarith became pale. Maybe Clarith became
like that because of what that old man did to her arms and legs.

“Can I say something?”

I placed the bowl of soup aside, interrupting his laughter. The old man immediately turned his sight from
Clarith to me. He became alert as he saw me.
