“You are not from this village. This is an internal problem of our village. I hope outsiders would not
interfere.”

“Clarith, can you help me with my bag?”

I softly said to the trembling Clarith. She bowed her head and passed me my bag. I took a handful of
silver coins inside.

“Is this much enough for you?”

Everyone was surprised and stunned. There was total silence for a while until the big man spoke.

“No… It’s too much”

“Then use this as payment. My head is aching and I need peace and quiet… can you please leave us
alone?”

This time, I didn’t know what to answer. I tried to say what Elluka would say in this situation. I couldn’t
understand the old man’s facial expression as he continued pounding the floor with his cane.

“Why are you helping the Netsuma girl?”

“Because she saved me when I fainted in the forest and this money is her reward for doing so, get it?”

“Okay, okay. Let’s go, Eugen”

The old man, murmuring some complaints and went out of the house with the big man. A loud “slam”
was heard as they closed the door.

“Michaela… I’m really, really, really, really sorry!”

The pale Clarith shouted.

“As I said earlier, you don’t have to apologize. This is the least I can do for you.”

“But this is already too much…”

I repeatedly said not to care about it but Clarith kept bowing in gratitude.

Elluka gave me a sum of money for me to rent a house. Although I still don’t understand the concept of
money, but I have lots of it.

But looking at the stunned look of the people around and when Elluka said to only use “little” amount of
money, I’m afraid what I took out wasn’t a small amount.

But with this money, I can help Clarith.

“……Clarith.”
