"I'm sorry, Miss Michaela."

"Hey, you should just call me "Michaela". We are friends after all."

"Friends?"

"Yeah, aren't we friends yet?"

"Yes. I'm sorry. Thank you Michaela! I'm so happy..."

Clarith wrapped her arms around me. Although there was little force, but I can feel she was holding me
tightly.

"Michaela, I have a request."

Clarith said in a vague voice. I asked: "What is it?". She answers with a smaller voice.

"Can you hold me for a little longer? This is the first time other than my mother somebody has
embraced me"

"Of course"

I held Clarith tighter, as if I was ready to break her body. Clarith, I promise to protect you.

Since that day, every day we would go out and go home after work together. Clarith gradually shown
her personality to me when I was a robin.

Although it's only a little bit, but I feel our relationship has become more intimate.

✿ Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Yatski hill” ~

It was the dead of night.

I stood on top of a hill that is near the village. From here, I can immediately see the city lights of Aceid
and also the starry night sky. Although the view of the stars here is different from the forest, it doesn’t
really matter.

If I returned to the village, I would see small houses all lined up. Standing here, even if I yell or cry, it
wouldn’t bother anyone.

I took a deep breath then exhaled. Although it was a bit cold, the air circulating through my body feels
comfortable.

Once again, I took a deep breath and blurted out a melody.

From air to language and from language to music.

Elluka taught me the “Music box Lullaby”, a very old song.
