I looked over Clarith’s shoulder to see what happened.

“……No!Mom!”

The house was shrouded in darkness.

Clarith’s mother vomited blood and laid there, motionless.

✿ Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Yatski Village • Clarith’s house” ~

The funeral for Clarith's mother was very simple.

Only two people attended; Clarith and me. After the priest finished his prayers, she was buried in the
northern public cemetery.

Clarith did not cry; she just bowed her head, biting her lips.

“What are your future plans?”

I finally asked her. I don’t know what to ask anymore.

“……I don’t know.”

Clarith whispered while squatting, half of her body is leaning against the wall.

Her back looked more thin than usual. She must have lost weight again.

Though I don’t know the reason to why Clarith is adopted and wasn’t raised by her own family. It must
be hard for her to lose her only family.

The bed, dishes and all other things belong to Clarith’s mother. For Clarith, living in a home where her
mother is already gone must be painful for her. I can’t let Clarith’s fragile heart continue on living here.

“Clarith, would you like to…”

I’ve decided to tell her my idea. I don’t know if she would agree to my proposal but if nothing is done,
she would live a life being crushed by reality.

“…leave the village…”

At that moment, I can’t read Clarith’s expression on her face. She didn’t want to think of such things; it
was a look of surprise.

“… and go to Aceid, to start a new life.”

An environmental change and clearing up the sky full of painful memories is what she needs to have right
now.

These words… although I speak these words, it has no logic at all.
