“No matter what others say, for me, you’re a very beautiful person. Your kindness can never be
compared to anyone.”

As I finished, Clarith slowly closed her eyes then opened them again; tears flowed through her eyes.

For a period of time, Clarith has been lying on my arm, crying. She just leaned on me, bursting into
tears, letting it all out.

“Use this to wipe your face”

I handed over a handkerchief. Clarith finally calmed down.

“Thank you Michaela! Thank you very much!”

Clarith wiped off her tears then she asked:

“Going to Aceid is not a problem, but what will we do after we arrive there?”

“I haven’t thought about it. I have lots of money… we can do whatever we want. If Clarith wants to of
course…”

“I would feel bad for Michaela… Except in helping you with farm work, I have never really done anything
for you. I would feel uncomfortable”

Although Clarith just had a sad experience, a smile is emerging from her face.

“However, it doesn’t matter anymore. Together with Michaela, we can overcome various difficulties. I
will become stronger.”

After some talking, the two of us just faced each other and laughed. We were looking forward to our
new life, full of hope and uncertainty.

Suddenly, the door of the house was being forcibly opened.

“Clarith! Clarith! Are you home right now?”

It was Ein’s voice.

“Ein? What’s the matter?”

Ein had a hard time breathing while he trying to say something.

“Did something happen?”

“Eugen was killed by my father. Father is insisting that he was killed by Clarith. A bunch of people are
getting ready to arrest Clarith. We must hurry and escape!”

After hearing what Ein said, my head became blank.
