✿ Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Yatski Village • Backstreet” ~

On a hill, a little north from the village, was a steep cliff path. The road was too narrow; the slightest
mistake we make, we would slip and fall down the cliff. No one ever dared walk this path.

Ein lead us; taking us along safer routes. Although Clarith slipped, but did not fall several times, we
managed to safely escape from the villagers.

“Let’s take a break”

Ein pointed at a conifer. Because we had to take the long way around, Clarith and I were exhausted. We
leaned our body against the tree.

Clarith hasn’t been able to sleep since her mother died. She immediately fell asleep as her fatigue
reached its limit.

“What happened in the village?”

To avoid waking up Clarith, I whispered to Ein. He just simply described the situation.

The chieftain pocketed some of the money he was supposed to give to Count Felix. Eugen threatened
the chieftain to give the proper amount of money to him. In the end, the chieftain poisoned Eugen and is
framing Clarith as the suspect.

“Father said that Eugen was killed when he finished eating the food on his dish. He also said that because
of the debt, Clarith resented him. In order for her to pay back her shortcomings, my father would call
her over and made her serve food.”

“But how did such things…”

“In fact, even if father did not say anything, Clarith would still be suspected. No one objected to his
accusation. Of course, I would have objected, if I had more power…”

Ein clenched his fist and punched the tree. The tree shook, dripping some rain from the leaves.

“I am ashamed to have a father like him.”

Ein was unwilling to distort his face. He never showed this kind of expression in the village. I originally
thought he was always a cheerful person all the time. Every person, whoever it is, always have a dark
side in their heart.

“After this, what is Ein going to do?”

“I intend to go to Count Felix and tell him everything”

“If you do that, your father will be arrested. Is that okay with you?”

“It doesn’t matter anymore. Michaela, would you come with me…”
