Chapter 1

Scetion 1——The Fourteenth Birthday——

The executioner sighed.

Ah, how many heads of innocent people am I supposed to cut off?

The Minister sighed.

Oh, how long am I supposed to please this girl?

The citizens sighed.

Ah, how long are we supposed to be hungry?

The only one smiling was the Daughter of Evil.

She was pleased to sit on the throne.

Far off, the queen commands:

“Now, bow before me!”

♦Allen ~Lucifenian Palace’s “Heavenly Yard”~

“Oh, it’s snack time.”

As I heard the bells ring three times, I can’t help but spit out that sentence.

The sound of the giant bell in Levin Cathedral, reached the palace from afar. Beside me, Chartette sighed heavily. It seems that she and I are
thinking of the same thing.

We’ve been cleaning the courtyard ever since noon. It’s already 3 PM, and we’re still not done cleaning.

Chartette and I, as well as six other butlers worked hard. But because the yard was too big, we simply can’t do it with just us few.

In fact, most of the servants at the moment are doing intensive preparations for the upcoming ball to be held tonight. Even if the Head of the
Maids, Mariam, requested it, I don’t think she would be able to give us a few people.

Chartette said to me impatiently:

“Ah~~! I’m exhausted! So exhausted! Hey, Allen, can’t we just quit all this sweeping and cleaning already?”

“I’m afraid we can’t. We still haven’t cleaned the area around the fountain. Didn’t Mariam-san say that royal families from other countries are
coming and we have to sweep here?”

“Don’t mind it, people wouldn’t notice a little dirt. Besides, the ball will be held at night.”

“…… But today is the birthday of Her Royal Highness Riliane. Even Mariam-san is careful to work more than usual. If the Queen find outs that
we’re being lazy, something bad might happen to us.”
