“Germaine…… That guy’s abundant energy is giving me a headache. Yesterday, she was lashing out other people in the streets.”

“But Germaine won, right?”

“Not only did she win, she wasn’t even the slightest bit injured…… Her choice of words weren’t what you would normally hear from a
woman’s mouth…… I bet in the future, no one will dare marry her.”

He smiled wryly. He and I chatted throughout the day. At that moment——

“Captain Leon~~~~~what brings you here today?”

Chartette, who had been listening at the edge of our conversation, interrupted.
After all, aside from being my good friend, she is also very close with Leon.

“What brought me here? Be a security guard for the ball, of course. It’s my duty as the Commander of the Royal Guards.”

“Well…… I thought you were here to steal wine from the warehouse again.”

“What?! I have never done such a thing! I’m currently resisting alcohol, actually.”

“Oh? Wouldn’t Captain Leonhart be unhappy if he would resist alcohol? Why are you doing this?”

Chartette asked in surprise.

Leonhart resisting alcohol….. I’m a bit surprised about this issue as well. As I recalled, ever since I was adopted, there was never a day Leonhart
didn’t drink, together with his adopted daughter and my righteous sister, Germaine.

“…… Because of consecutive years of poor harvest, our food supplies are depleting. People are starving. The Commander of the Royal Guards
shouldn’t indulge himself in such things, should he?”

“I really hope the Royal family and other aristocrats listened to those words too.”
Chatette mumbled. Compared to her previous remarks, that one had a significantly deeper tone.

“Her Highness Riliane’s mood hasn’t been good recently, could that be the cause?”
I asked, and Leonhart just shrugged.

“Hey, although there’s a food shortage, the palace reserves are fairly abundant, and might be enough to feed all the people. But no matter what,
Her Highness Riliane and Minis-san refuse to agree on the matter.”

“But…..Only Captain Leonhart’s loyal words could persuade the queen’s decision.”
Chartette said with exasperation.

“Do you know what the queen answered to me? ‘If they can’t eat bread, let them eat cake’”

“That’s because Her Highness Riliane loves her mid-afternoon snacks.”

“That’s not the problem here...The princess doesn’t understand the value of things."

She doesn’t realize that the food her people put on the table everyday is far worse than the feed of her beloved horse. That sheltered girl’s not
even capable of looking around her.”

The conflict between Leonhart and Rilliane hadn’t been born that day. Though Leonhart was unkempt and an incorrigible boozehound, he was
serious when it came to his duties as Commander and devoted towards the people. Riliane, extravagant and self-indulgent, was heinously
