ignorant of the world around her and paid no attention to the daily lives of her subjects, so their clashes were a common sight in the royal
palace.

“Her Highness Riliane is thirteen years old –and today turns fourteen; even though she is still young to administer the affairs of state, she
should think more about her subjects...”

I more or less understood what Leonhart wanted to say. It was truth that the princess’ eyes didn’t turn towards her people. In that case, it was
preferable that the retainers around her attended to the affairs of the state with utmost care. However, that was unlikely to happen thanks to
the incompetence of Minis, who had only reached the position of Prime Minister due to his parentage.

“Oh, well...Speaking of which...”

Leonhart sat up straighter, and changed the subject.

“Before coming here, I passed by the stables...Is Riliane out at the moment?”

“That shouldn’t be the case...I think. She would never go outside the palace on the day of her birthday party...”

A sense of impeding disaster came over me.

“I see...But, she wasn’t there in the stables. Josephine.”

Leonhart said with a doubtful expression.

Josephine was the name of Rillianne’s beloved horse.

“She couldn’t have been stolen, could she?”
I questioned Leonhart, and he replied:
“Impossible. Today, security is especially tight. For someone to trespass so easily into the palace...”

“But what if by strengthening the defenses against trespassers...we aren’t paying enough attention to fugitives?”

Leonhart’s face changed color.

“Hey, don’t tell me that...”

At that moment, we heard someone shouting from inside the palace. That was...Ney’s voice!

“Princess Riliane! Where are you?! Princess Riliane!”

We looked at each other, and then rushed towards the voice. We entered the palace and found its owner just after she passed between some
mirrors.

I took in a breath and composed myself before speaking.

“Ney, what’s wrong with Her Highness Riliane?”

Ney seemed to be on the verge of tears as she replied:

“Allen...what should we do...Princess Riliane is.... missing.”
