♦Allen ~Lucifenia Kingdom's "Anonymous Coast"~

After leaving behind the forest, I reached the coast. A little further away towards the west, there was a small port city, as well as a convent that
had been built as a donation from a prosperous merchant of Elphegort, Keel Freesis. But at that time, that wasn’t my objective.
As I neared the port, I spotted a small horse. It was Josephine.

It must have been difficult for the horse to run through that forest without paths. But Josephine showed no signs of tiredness, and just stood
there placidly. She was a splendid horse.

And then...when I saw the girl sitting there by her side, gazing in a daze at the sea, I let out a sigh of relief without thinking.

“Riliane...Your Highness.”
Riliane’s body quivered for an instant, startled by my voice, but she soon returned to her nonchalant attitude when she turned to face me and
spoke.

“Why, if it isn’t Allen.”

Riliane Lucifen d'Autriche: a girl celebrating her fourteen birthday that very day, she was the current sovereign of theKingdom of Lucifenia. By
all rights, she should have been called “Queen” instead of “Princess”, but apparently due to a sense of respect for her mother, the previous
monarch Queen Anne, she had elected to keep reigning as “Princess” without being enthroned, until she came to age.

"How did you know of this place?”

Without answering Riliane’s question, I approached her and noted, “Commander Leonhart is worried.”

Riliane’s expression became a little grim at that.

“Hmph, serves him right.”

I had a good inkling of why she had escaped home this time. It was probably a result of her quarrel with Leonhart the day before.

“Oh, if I hadn’t been found before the ball, that man’s head might have rolled. How vexing this is,” Riliane petulantly snorted. Actually, perhaps
that had been her objective in the first place.

If her adversary weren’t Leonhart, Riliane wouldn’t have resorted to such indirect tactics.
Officially, as sole successor of the line of the previous monarch, King Alth, she was the absolute ruler of Lucifenia; with just one word, she had
no difficulty in ordering the decapitation of one of her vassals.

The only reason she couldn’t eliminate him was that Leonhart was one of the Three Heroes, loyal retainers of King Alth and former saviors of
the kingdom. There were many among both the aristocrats and the common people who adored him still, and even an existence that seemed
to be comprised of pure haughtiness like Riliane understood the degree of animosity she would earn from beheading him carelessly.

“I’m really.... SICK OF THIS! I’M SICK OF THIS!”

Riliane suddenly lost her temper, perhaps angered when reminded of Leonhart's privileged position. However, she seemed to calm down
quickly. Emotional outbursts such as this, which were only seen when she was in front of the people she trusted, were the most characteristic
aspect of Riliane’s personality.

“Good grief! Thanks to you, my plan is ruined.”

“...Forgive me.”

There shouldn’t have been any reason for her to become angry at me, but in any case, it was probably better to apologize at that point. I
wouldn’t gain anything from displeasing her any further.
