“Well, there is nothing to be done about it now. I’m going back.”

When Riliane attempted to get up, I spotted a small scratch in the back of her right hand. Perhaps she had injured herself with a branch or
something similar when she came out the forest.

“Please wait, Your Highness.”

I took out some ointment from my pocket and softly touched Riliane’s right hand.

“...Wh-WHAT ARE DOING, YOU INSOLENT BOY?!” she shouted and slapped my cheek.

“Your hand is injured, it needs to be treated.”

My cheek was burning, but without paying attention to it, I took off the lid of the ointment and applied a small amount to the wound. It was a
special ointment made by Elluka, the court sorceress. A small scratch like the one she suffered would likely be mended right away with it.

Riliane may have understood my actions then, as she stared while I rubbed the ointment on her hand, her anger forgotten.

“...That’s right. Perhaps I shall convict Leonhart using this scratch as an excuse...Hm... But, maybe an injury this slight is too unconvincing as a
reason to ruin him...,”she grumbled to herself in this manner.

As I treated her hand, my mind once more returned to the memories of my childhood.

At that time, you also...that’s right, when we were playing on this beach, you fell down and grazed your knee, and I treated the wound, like this, right? But
you probably don’t remember. About that time, about the old legend I told you, and...

I could feel Riliane’s body warmth, reaching me through her right hand. The hand of a girl infamous for her cruel and inhuman acts; so why was
it so warm?

And why do I...when I feel the warmth of her hand...feel so at peace?
But it’s natural, since we are...

“It’s done, isn’t it? Release me.”
Riliane’s voice brought back to my senses. Even though I was done curing the scratch, I was still grasping her hand and Riliane stared at me with
suspicion.

“.....GAH! I’M.... SORRY!”

“....Ha ha ha”
For some reason, Riliane then laughed.

“First time I see her like this. You didn’t lose your cool when I slapped you, but now you are that flustered?”

“No...er, my apologies.”I was quite aware that her words made my face go redder than when she slapped me.

“Haha, well, it’s time to go back. The sun already is setting.”The sun had already sunk halfway into the sea.

“Let’s go back taking the coastal route to the port, instead of crossing the woods,” when I said that, Riliane looked a bit surprised.

“...You’ve come to this place from there before?”

“Yes, taking that way is much faster.”
