“....I-I knew that!”

With a completely red face, Riliane then suddenly started running towards the port.

“Please wait, Princess Riliane!”

“Well, hurry up!!”

“Do you intend to leave Josephine here?”

”...Ah”

As if on cue, Josephine gave a desolate neigh, almost like she was stricken with the prospect of being left behind. “When we reach the port city,
let’s use a beacon and call the Royal Guard. Please return with them to the castle, Princess Riliane.”

“Are you not coming with us, Allen?”

“I don’t know how to ride a horse, so I’ll follow behind on foot.”

That was a lie. Leonhart had instructed me on the basics of both horse-riding and sword-fencing. However, to have a mere servant mastering
such skills was unfathomable.

“I see. Let’s reach the port city together, then. Come on.”

With practiced movements, Riliane was in Josephine’s saddle again. With this plan, it seemed likely that she reach the castle in time for the ball.

Sitting on her mare, Riliane stared at the sunset.

"You were looking at the setting sun before, weren’t you?”

“The sun is always alone, isn’t it...?” Riliane said distractedly without turning her eyes away from the sunset. She might have not even heard my
words.

That was true. But if there were two or three suns, we would all perish from the heat.

“Just like...me...”

Why did Rillianne say something like that all of the sudden? Not really understanding her train of thought, I lead her horse by the bridle.

Riliane Lucifen d'Autriche:
Protagonist of that night’s ball...
Absolute ruler of Lucifenia...
And...

My twin elder sister.
