“There seems to be something on your mind…Something about Princess Riliane, perhaps?”
I hurriedly searched for words, but couldn’t find a quick answer. Mariam’s question was right on target.

“Even though you are different, being boy and girl, your face is the same. Then, why is your station in life is so different? You were thinking
something along those lines, weren’t you?” Mariam said with a slightly teasing tone.

“Ma’am, are you a mind reader?”

“Of course not. It’s not like I’m Elluka…well, she says she doesn’t read minds either.”

The Court Magician, Elluka, was yet another member of the “Three Heroes”.

“…Speaking of which, the fact that Princess Riliane and I resemble one another…isn’t that a problem?”

The significance of my question seemed to elude Mariam for a second.

“What do you mean, Allen?”

“Well, there’s not even a one in a ten thousand chance, that Riliane and I…”

“Princess Riliane, you mean”

“…I’m sorry. Princess Riliane and I…If it was discovered we are twins separated…” I enquired in a voice nobody but Mariam would hear.

I carry the blood of the royal family of Lucifenia in my veins; I am Riliane’s younger brother…only five people knew that secret: the Three
Heroes, Minister Minis and me.

“That won’t be an issue. At first, some people seemed suspicious of how similar Princess Riliane and you were. But Elluka convinced all of them,
apparently, just by saying that in this world, there are people who look identical, and they come in groups of three.”

Could it really be that simple? Seeing my doubtful expression, Mariam continued her explanation.

“Well, it’s because Elluka has many 'devotees' inside the castle that believe in her. You are probably not aware of that, but the effect of her
words is unparalleled.”

As a royal prince, I was officially dead. After the death of my father Alth, there was a political struggle within our kingdom. As a result, two of
the ministers were assassinated, and during that incident, I, six years old at the time, became involved in the struggle and lost my life.

“Then there’s Princess Riliane. There’s a chance that she might remember you, but…that is likely to be a non-issue, too. It’s been a year since
you came here. She doesn’t seem to have any suspicions about your parentage,” Mariam said.

That was true. Why had Riliane forgotten about me…about her early childhood?

The obvious answer, when I thought about it, was Elluka. With her abilities known as “magic”, it was possible that she had sealed away Riliane’s
memories. But why would she do that? I wasn’t sure. Even if I asked Elluka or Mariam, they would likely refuse to answer.
If they had any intention to tell me, they would have said something already.

While I kept thinking about my sister and me, the gathering became more animated. It seemed like the main event was about to start.

“Welcome everyone, thank you for coming today! There’s plenty of food and beverages and pleasant conversation awaiting us after this, so
please eat to your heart’s content, and enjoy yourselves!” Minister Minis greeted the crowd. Behind him, Princess Riliane sat smiling in her
throne.
