♠Germaine~Lucifenia Kingdom's "Avadonia Residence"~

“I~~~want to~~~drink~~~wine~~~”

Soon, I discovered that my cries even reached the Benjisen family's tailorshop, which was a kilometer away.

I can't remember how many days have passed ever since I've started resisting wine. To start with, I'm only doing this because of my father's
orders: "Until the day that the food shortage is resolved, no one will be allowed to drink wine in this family." Very wise decision, yes. But
sometimes I just wanna drink wine like crazy.

I heard a legend about someone they call Vampire Girl, Banica Conchita. According to the legend, if she doesn't drink wine made from human
blood for three days straight, her body will wither. I wonder if I'm a reincarnation of Banica.

And the most terrible thing about my situation is, I'm the only person at home. My dad went to the palace ball for guard work, he'll probably
won't be home until midnight.

There must be thousands of red wine I'm not seeing being consumed by the aristocrats at the Royal Palace. And here I am thinking how my
heart would surge just to see that.

After all, why can't I drink wine in the first place? Because of food shortages. And why are there food shortages? That's because there's poor
harvest this year, all because that goddamn "Daughter of Evil" Riliane had taken them away from the hands of the people!

She doesn't care about the citizens, all she cares about is her own interests. And not only that, she'll guillotine anyone who's against her. That
leading aristocrat is that kind of person. The people never call her a "Queen". To the people she's just a "little girl". No, not harsh enough. It
should be "Daughter of Evil".

...... Come to think of it, I actually never seen Riliane. Even the people hardly ever sees what she really looks like. All day long, the "Daughter of
Evil" plays inside her little palace, not being seen by the public's eyes. For her, the people are merely objects that she could just set aside just
like that. I'm pretty sure that she doesn't look very good.

I'm depressed that i can't vent my feelings with other people. Since my father is the Commander of the Guards, which is under direct control of
the Royal family, I'm not supposed to say bad things against the family of the Royal Palace.

"Palace...."

I wonder how Allen's going with his new life. I was really surprised when my father said to
send him to the palace and work as a servant. That day, my father and I had a big fight at night and quarreled till dawn.

Sending him to the palace, sure I can understand that. In a sense where he'll be considered to be the son of high power. But "servant"? Puh-
leez~! That kid is a fencing genius! He should be one of dad's professional guards.

"Oh ~ ~ ~ ~ ~Germaine~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ I'm home!"

As I was pondering, I heard that my father's back home.

"You're back. Have you eaten yet?"

"Me? I've eaten.......Uhh... What are you doing?"

I leaned my nose closer to check my father's odor. Nope. There's no alcohol.

"It seems that you didn't drink."

"Why, of course! We already agreed on that, didn't we?"
