♠Germaine ~Lucifenian Palace’s “Heavenly Yard”~

Through the main gate was a wide courtyard.

Columns of water gushing from a huge fountain. Heroic Statues for commemoration. All of this luxury is a symbol for prosperity of the
kingdom.

In this place called the “Heavenly Yard” is where the last resistance of the palace soldiers remain.

“Lucifenian soldiers! It is hopeless! Surrender now and we will spare your life!”

“Shut up! You usurper!”

"Lucifenian Chivalry Spirit, even it'll burn in those eye!”

They turned a deaf ear to my advice. Why? Are the nobles really that worth for your devotion and loyalty?

We are at an advantage when it comes to numbers. But in this narrow space, we cannot give our full strength. So...

“Assume Raid Position!”

The front line changed its form and forced our way through. If we concentrate enough, we will be able to cut through their defence.

“Go forth! Attack!”

Enemies and comrades alike are risking their lives. The defending soldiers collapsed under the attack. This is our chance! As long as we can
break through...

“Woow!”

Suddenly, the front line soldiers fell. Not one, but two, three, four... people fell one by one.

“I’m sorry, I can’t let you through here”

A woman was standing there. I wasn’t a knight. She was wearing... a maid uniform?

“Hey!”

The revolution army was overwhelmed by women wearing maid outfits. Also... there’s a strong woman, who had an elegant posture and
defeated the men one by one.

Her way of holding those two knives, were like magic or was gracefully dancing. No, the knives didn’t leave her hand, it depended on her too
quick action, can easily see.

Be it on the head or the abdomen, the knife would accurately hit its target, accompanied by a spray of blood. The red blood tainting he body
made her look like a devil. The devil softly said:

“Women are very strong individuals. You too, Germaine”

I knew it. Why did I forget about her existence? Because father and Elluka are gone, the only one left is...

“I am one of the three heroes, Mariam Futapie! Lucifenian soldiers! Show me your loyalty!”
