♦Allen~Lucifenian Palace's "Corridors"~

What can I do?

Mariam and Gast are fighting against the revolutionary army.

It’s not that bad. But I have other things to do.

The only thing I can do is…

I run in the corridors.

In order to find Riliane.

♠Germaine ~Lucifenian Palace’s “Hall of Mirrors”~

The Hall of Mirrors. The inside is decorated with a variety of luxury and gorgeous jewelry. This is the symbol of the daughter of evil’s glory.

“Let’s split up”

I suggested to Kachess. His team is responsible for the rehabilitation, blocking the escape routes of soldiers and retainers. I am responsible for
the break through; looking for the daughter of evil… Riliane.

“Thanks to Chartette, I know the topography of the palace”

“Yeah. However… For you, this is your first time entering it?”

Kachess did not seem to hear me because he was looking around.

“Germaine, after all of this has ended, do you have any plans?”

“Well, I would… like to see your face”

“I will consider it… Don’t die, Germaine”

“You too”

Kachess made a gesture then led his team to leave.

Rilaine isn’t in the Hall of Mirrors. If I consider her position… In the Hall of Sounds? Or in her private room?

I’ll go look at the Hall of Sounds. I’m going to lead my team—

“Oh… So you’re finally able to enter the palace”

We were confronted by a man with a weird shaped sword.

He had a beautiful face and long purple hair of that of a woman… Just like the characteristics Kachess described to me. It seems we have
encountered a difficult opponent.

“Gast Venom”

“Oh, for a beautiful woman to know my name, I am deeply honoured”
