“Since we don’t exactly know her…… Ah, right! Killing all of them is fine! Minis, prepare the troops at once! Kill all the green-
haired women!”

“……B-but, Riliane, Your Royal Higness,……”

After a lengthy silence, Minis finally said:

“There is no plan, ah! First of all, the two countries are separated by the Forest of Bewilderment and the Thousand-Year Tree’s Forest. It is
impossible to go cross it to invade the Green Country. It’s the only way to attack through town, and it’s too narrow for the army.”

“If the forest gets in the way, burn it with fire, ah!”

“…… E-Ehem. I want to point out a little something to you guys.”
At that moment, Elluka interrupted.

“Do you know what you’re saying? Burn the forest? But there’s a God in the Thousand-Year Tree! Do you know that burning would only
provoke some sort of disaster……? And above all, exterminate a whole country because of sheer envy? Don’t be silly!”

After realizing that no one else could say it to Riliane, her used-to-be-calm voice could not help but bring up a hint of anger.

“Sure, we and your parents have captured a lot of countries and killed many people, but those were by no means out of selfish enmities! We
have our respective causes, but they’re personal, and it’s to protect anyone else from war!”

“Ch…… chop this rude person’s head.”

No way. She has completely lost her cool. What can I do? I have to do something or say something. But with these two amazing women of
vigour in front of me, I can’t move a finger.

“Now that you said that you want to cut my head, I can’t stand it; please allow me to resign. If you want to kill me, send someone to look for
me or whatever. That is, if you really want to kill me.”

Leaving these words, Elluka went out of the room.

“Wait a minute! Elluka!”

Mariam nervously chased Elluka and dashed out.

“Allen! What are you standing there for!? Catch up with Elluka and kill her!”

I hesitate that I know what to do, but seeing Riliane with eyes so full of fury, I immediately gave up the intention to persuade her. Now, she
feared to listen to any words ever again.

“Minis-san, I want you to stay behind.”

After saying this, I saw Minis tremble as I went out of the room.

I saw Elluka when I got out. Perhaps stopped by Mariam, she seems to be saying something.
