“Now that Alth and Anne died, my task in this country has ended. Even if you stay, I just want to train a successor and leave…… That’s all.”

“Elluka……”

“I’ll be taking away Gumilia with me. Because that child has green hair…… the Queen will surely kill her if she stays here.”

“…… What’s the next thing you’ll do?”

“Well, a rare rest and travel far and wide. I might even go to Eastern countries that I have never been to. …… Damn.”

At that moment, Elluka noticed me, smiled, and said to me:

“What is it, Allen? You want to stop me? Or comply with the commands of your sister to kill me?’

Elluka had a gentle face as she said such a thing while mine’s the exact opposite: a face with a feeling of constriction. That would be just like
fighting with Leonhart, no, this time it would be need more courage. That’s entirely beyond prevailing attitude.

“Allen, let me tell you one thing. This country,…… Lucifenia shall perish soon enough.”

“……!”

“Neither I nor Mariam could’ve prevented that day when Leonhart died; even if we desperately tried, there is no way to stop it. The gears have
already begun to rotate.”

Court Mage Elluka’s prophecies…… have never been wrong as far as I know. It is absolutely authoritative.

“Hearing these words, what are you going to do? Do you want to flee this country like me?”

“I…… I will protect this country, as well as Riliane!”

“Oh? …… Well, I have nothing to say about that. Please take good care of your sister.”

After ending the dialogue with me, she once again faced Mariam.

“Mariam, the time I spent here with you and Leonhart…… made me extremely happy. Ah as I said, I was really lonely. I really wish to be with
you longer…… But this kid is trying to stop that.”

Mariam didn’t answer. Her eyes seemed to have tears.

“Take advantage of the ones not yet killed before I escape. Goodbye.”

Leaving this sentence, Elluka went away.

When I got back to the room, Riliane and Minis weren’t inside. Leaving only the accessories Riliane crushed on the floor.

I picked them up one by one and put them back to the jewellery box. Suddenly, a piece of jewelry aroused my attention.

——A shell necklace——

An item Michaela has hung around her neck.

This ornament is one of the gifts Kyle presented to Riliane.
