The heavy rain swept through the forest and gradually extinguished the flames…… ‘till it completely suppressed the fire.

This is such a sudden occurrence.

“Yay! This is a gift from heaven!”

The people rejoiced. The Lucifenian soldiers stayed a while and when they finally regained consciousness, they turned around and ran towards
the Palace.

“…… Those guys might come back and set fire to it again.”
York muttered as he watched the soldiers at the back.

“But at least it’s all right while it’s still raining. When the rain stops…… let’s enhance our vigilance for the forest. We must not allow this to
happen a second time.”

Confirming that the soldiers had already left, everyone peacefully went to their respective homes. I also intended to go back home, when
suddenly——

I saw a shadow in the forest. It’s a familiar silhouette. It’s……

As I chased, I followed it into the depths of the forest.

And there, I saw two women sitting with exhausted faces. I’ve seen them before in my father’s funeral: the Court Mage Elluka and her
apprentice.

“Whew…… Quite a good job. What a waste of a rare octopus. Nice work Gumilia; your magic improved a lot.”

“……”

“Magic”? What are they saying?

“The rain should temporarily stop it. Good thing we were able to control the fire before the ‘Thousand-Year Tree’ was burned.”

…… This sudden rainstorm…… was made by them?

“Elluka-san”

I openly said as I went nearer.

“Oh, you’re…… Leonhart’s daughter, right?”

“Yes, my name’s Germaine. You two look very tired; my home’s not very far away from the forest. If you don’t mind, you can go there and
rest.”

“…… Although kind hearts like yours are rare, but that would be a bit difficult for us since we’re being chased by the Royal Palace.”

Elluka mischievously smiled, as she freely told the staggering fact. Court Mage Elluka is actually chased by the Palace? Why……?

Elluka and her disciple stood up, walked to the depths of the forest, and soon disappeared.

The forest is going to be burned.

One of the Three Heroes is being hunted.
