“…… Are there other people who know it?”

“No …… I’m afraid I’m the only person who noticed.”

“It’s really a loss for you, but it’s not that big of a deal, ah. They’re not technically lovers, how should I say, it’s just that guy …… Kyle has one-
sided love.”

I looked around, once again confirmed that nobody else was there, and said:

“Is Michaela okay? Do you know where she is now?”

Keel looked like he was thinking.

“I uhh…… Frankly speaking, I was very confused about it. If I surrendered Michaela, I could’ve saved more Elphegort people. However
Michaela……, and even all the other servants,…… is like a part of the family for me. I can’t just …… watch them die.”

“……”

"It's embarrasing, really…… Someone who has been up to this date, driven by the interests of merchants, will hesitate for even a mere
servant…… But isn't it the right thing to do? Regardless of common sense and ethics, everyone…… has something to protect. And for
me…… that's family."

Although I don't exactly know what kind of life he has, his values…… are something I understand.

"You have one too, right? Something that you'll sacrifice everything just to protect."

As I faced Keel's question, the first thing that came to my mind was Riliane's face. Followed by…… Michaela's smile.

"…… Allen, I trust you, so I'll tell you Michaela's hiding place. It's your decision on what to do about it. Whatever the outcome is, I'll accept
it…… I'm sory for letting someone a young as you to have such a heavy burden on your back."

At that instant, a shadow flashed near the stairs. I hurriedly turned around. Nothing, no one; it must've been in my imagination.

Keel continued speaking.

"Before being arrested, I wrote a letter to Kyle, which includes everything about Michaela's location. Marlon is very far away, and due to the
war, will certainly be obstructed…… But according to him, they'll be able to rescue Michaela in about a week or so. As long as that is taken
care of…… Not all of it is a foregone conclusion."

Michaela went away from home, and with her friend Clarise, fled to the basement of the old well.

"However, halfway through, I got separated from Clarise."
Michaela said sadly.

"On our way here, we were almost discovered by Lucifenian soldiers. However, Clarise said 'I'll go block them', and rushed to the front of the
soldiers. She said 'I'll be fine' 'I'm white-haired, so I won't be killed'…… I'm a coward, thus I left my friend Clarise and ran away……!"

Michaela cried. The light on the kerosense lamp glowed.

"I'm sorry, Michaela……"

"…… You don't need to apologize, Allen; although you're a person from Lucifenia, the war was caused by aristocrats."
