✾???~"Somewhere"~

In the dark room, two people had a confrontation.

One of them asked in surprise:

"W-Who are you?"

♦Allen~Elphegort Kingdom's "Thousand-Year Tree's Forest"~

The next night.

I finally made my mind up & walked to the old well.

I'll do this, I'll betray her behavior.

Perhaps, then on, I'll bear a heavy cross.

Her appearance emerged on my mind, but it immediately wiped out.

I really owe an apology to her.

I'm sorry, I'm sorry.

But, there's no other way.

In any case, please forgive me.

Forgive the capricious me.

♦Allen~Elphegort Kingdom's "Freesis Basement"~

UAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH……

♦Allen~Lucifenian Palace's "Heavenly Yard"~

In the courtyard, Riliane, Ney, and Chartette are enjoying a good afternoon.

Riliane mingling with these kind of ladies, who have significant differences with her, is rare.

"……Ah, Riliane, Your Highness, be sure to read this! This novel's really a good read! And it's very touching!"

Chartette highly recommended her favorite novel. That's good; but I never expected her to actually read novels. During childhood, my first
impression on her was a little girl who runs around actively everyday. She seems to have grown…… I guess?

"Oh~~~~ So that's why you often leave the palace; just to buy books."

"B-But, Ney always runs out of the palace too!"
