♠Germaine~Lucifenia Kingdom's "Forest of Bewilderment Base"~

She also went to the base of the Resistance. She still wore her cloak to hide her identity. The information about the Palace that she has is very
crucial for us. Though I met up with her at my own home, I'm gradually beginning to think that there will be some kind of danger because I told
her the base's location.

The presence of people telling the base about the palace…… this is tantamount to gambling. But as long as she keeps her word, it shouldn't be
a problem, right?

I didn't tell her the exact material allocation, but I at least told her the address. And since her visit, the Resistance rarely has any problems;
we've indeed undergone a change.

Knock. Knock. Knock.

Someone knocked on the door.

That wasn't the right number of knocks. That means the knocker's not from the Resistance.

Everyone present…… even the cloaked woman…… picked up a weapon.

"Who is it~~"

Near the door, York cried to the doorway.

"……Please open the door; I'm here to help you."

A voice that of a young man sounded.

"Help~~? What are you talking about; I don't understand~~Don't you think you're telling this to the wrong door?"

"……No, open the door! I'm here to help the Resitance!"

The man outside raised his voice. And I strengthened my clutch on my sword.

Another person aside from the Resistance——who could it be?

"What are we going to do, Germaine?"

York asked.

"I'm a bit concerned about it. Minage, could you take a look outside?"

Minage pryed from the holes on the wall and looked outside.

"…… No, it's not a Lucifenian soldier; he's not dressed like one. Moreover, he's only one person."

There's only one person at the other side. And we, including myself, are six people.

"…… Well, let's open the door first. If it's the enemy, then don't hesitate to get rid of them."

"…… OK, come in."

York opened the door.
