Asmodean, in the land of its eastern region.

A red-furred cat was walking along the road.

…I’ve gotten quite used to this body, Irina murmured to herself in her mind.

Seth had simply left, without giving Irina so much as a lecture on how to use this cat body.

But fortunately inside the body was a recording device called a “BlackBox”, and from there she’d been able to read the manual.

“Oh my, what a cute little kitty,” a kindly-looking old woman spoke up to Irina. “Are you hungry? You can have some, if you like.”

The woman set a dish down on the ground, and poured in some milk from a bottle she was carrying.

…Thanks.

Irina mentally thanked her and started to lap up the milk.

–This cat body did periodically need to intake energy to continue functioning.

With the white cat that Seth had made as a prototype, that was alcohol, but it seemed that with this red cat body animal proteins could serve as a source for energy.

And milk could be said to be the favored refreshment for this red cat.

“Oy, you old hag!”

Just as she heard that man’s crude shout, the old woman’s body was kicked aside.

“Don’t be giving out food to some damned stray cat! This day and age even milk is an expensive commodity!”

“I-I’m sorry…”

Though the old woman apologized, the man continued to kick her over and over.

This old woman’s family…Maybe a son, or a grandson…Either way, it’s none of my business.

As grateful as she was for the milk, that didn’t mean she was obligated to help her out.

…Though this might be perfect for a little experiment.

Irina looked around her, and laid eyes on a man who looked like a soldier, holding a spear.

He should be suitable.

She approached the soldier, and then nimbly hopped up to his shoulder.

“Wh-what…the…”

The soldier swayed for a moment as though he’d been knocked unconscious, but quickly righted himself.

And then he began to walk to where the man was kicking the old woman.

“…”

The soldier held the spear he was holding up over the man’s back.

“Grrgh!”

Then he brought it down with all his might.

“Argh!”

The man was knocked aside, and collapse where he lay, bleeding.
“Eeek!”

“Aaaaagh!”

Pandemonium broke out around them.

It doesn’t look like a fatal wound. Using a spear is hard.

Irina hopped down from the soldier’s shoulder.

At least I learned that I can puppet about even a male body with no issues.

Giving a side-eyed glance to the soldier as he stood there in a stupefied daze, Irina left.

.

The "BlackBox” had given her more information than just how to use the body.

…Like what had happened in Levianta that day.

It had taught Irina some hints that indicated that answer for her.

.

Her big brother’s—Kiril’s rampage.

Someone had bewitched him into causing the Catastrophe to happen.

…Elluka.

She wasn’t dead.

But how? I know I delivered the killing blow.

Back then, Irina had still had left in her a small scrap of a conscience.
Perhaps it made the hand in which she’d held her knife hesitate, just a little.

She didn’t know.

Perhaps the information from the “BlackBox” was simply mistaken.

.

But, if it were true…

If Elluka really was still alive.

Then she—would have retribution against the woman who had stolen everything from her!

.

A young man was walking in front of Irina, followed by a great crowd of women.

“Wa ha ha!”

Irina stared at the sight of them with a cold gaze as they marched through the center of the road, loudly laughing.

You really will find such vulgar groups like that everywhere, huh

It seemed as though Irina wasn’t the only one with such thoughts.

She could hear two middle-aged women whispering to each other about it too.

“…I hear he’s a survivor from Levianta. Some third son of a distinguished family somewhere.”

“I heard he’d been heading east after leaving his country to rot.”

“And yet he’s got all those young women with him…He’s a conceited one for sure.”

The Magic Kingdom Levianta. Irina’s former homeland.
I’d rather he didn’t besmirch Levianta’s reputation…But whatever.

As Irina began to pass him by, however, she suddenly stopped in her tracks.

…What is this? I sense…a strange presence from that man.

Irina stared intently at him.

No…It’s not him. It’s from that sword that he’s wearing on his hip.

She focused her senses on the sword.

When she did, she saw floating behind the man—

Was some illusory being.

…A ram? A ram with wings…

The ram looked at Irina.

“You…can see me?” he said to her, in a voice only she could hear. He asked further, “What manner of person are you, red cat?”

…Not sure. Perhaps I’m the same as you.

Apparently Irina’s thoughts could reach the ram. “Oh…? How very interesting.”

I’d like to exchange some information. Depending on what you tell me…Maybe we can help each other.
.

–A meeting between “malice” and a “demon”.

This was the beginning of everything, and also little more than an omen.
