A lone woman was walking through the forest.

It seemed she was returning to town, having bid farewell to Held.

Nyoze watched her closely from the shadow of a tree.

There’s no mistake…That has to be the real Elluka.

That blonde hair, those almond eyes…That was Elluka, the one he’d seen face to face so many times back in Levianta.

Ordinarily he probably ought to have called out to her right away.

But—

Something he couldn’t name dissuaded Nyoze from doing so.

What is this feeling that something’s off about her?

Certainly, she looked the spitting image of Elluka.

But even so…he could tell something wasn’t right.

All the same though, staying here like this…won’t solve anything.
Just when he was mustering up his courage, and preparing to jump out.

“Wait, Nyoze!”

Someone’s voice reverberated in his mind.

That voice just now…

There was no way he’d have forgotten it.

It was the voice of his blood brother—Gammon.

“That woman is dangerous. For now…don’t approach her.”

Gammon!? What is this? How is your voice able to—

“I don’t have much time. I have to do this before Madam Merry-Go-Round notices. …Nyoze. You must stay on guard around that woman. She will become a great key…towards either the world’s destruction, or its salvation.”

…

“Keep an eye on her. For decades, for centuries.”

What are you saying? Surely you know there’s no way I can live that long!?

“If anyone can, it’s you…Now that you were once a castaway of time…You’ve gained the power to reincarnate. You’ll lose your memories every time you’re reborn, but…A piece of your mission will remain in your heart in your next life.”

I don’t understand…What you’re saying doesn’t make any sense.

“Even if you don’t understand it now, you will one day. At any rate, make sure you see everything you can…of this being known as Elluka. And if she seems like she might become a key to destruction…Kill her.”

…Got it. Though I don’t actually get it.

.

Nyoze could only mentally nod along.
