When I looked out the window, I saw that at some point it had started snowing.

The inside of the hospital had heating, so I didn’t feel the cold even in my light clothes. When I pulled my eyes from the window and looked to the bulletin board, I saw a sheet of paper was pinned to it declaring that the Christmas party had been canceled.

That there was no sign of anyone in town wasn’t just because of the snow. Nobody had the time or resources to celebrate Christmas anymore.

How many people are even left in the world in the first place?, I wondered. Probably half of when the population was at its highest–no, even less than that. Even the news playing on the radio never reported any precise numbers, perhaps because it was being restricted.

Though, I was certain it hadn’t yet dropped to “0”.

Because I was still here, at least.

Even so, the day when I wouldn’t be wasn’t far off.

There were many things I needed to do before the world fell to ruin completely.

.

My colleagues had all returned to their homes. It seemed I was the only one in the hospital.

The patient beds were also empty, but that wasn’t necessarily limited to tonight. This hospital wasn’t a facility made to cure “normal” patients to begin with.

It would probably be more accurate not to call this a hospital but rather a “research facility”. People who had a very specific ailment were quarantined here, and made the subjects of research—however, our last patient died just the other day.

She had pressed her switch herself–in a word, “suicide”.
So it wasn’t like we could carry out any new clinical studies by working overtime. The director had told everyone to go home and spend time with their families for the night, but I didn’t feel like doing that at all.

I’m aware that I’m a bit eccentric, but my mother and my brother are even weirder than I am. And I saw them practically every day as coworkers in this very hospital, so there was no need for all three of us to get together and spend Christmas at home tonight.

My mother and brother probably hadn’t gone home either. My mother was most likely staying overnight with some new man, and my brother was–well, he’d be tottering around somewhere, dressed like a woman, as usual.

Even without a test subject, there was still a large amount of clinical data that had yet to be put in order. I was at my desk tonight to put it all together into a single thesis.

There wasn’t necessarily a place I could publish the thesis once it was finished. And there was no guarantee that it would be of any use.

But when the day came, I would stop being able to perform the research I had been doing up until now. When the project moved into its next stage, I would be given a different role.

I wanted to bring all that research to an end before then, no matter what.

.

The sound coming from the radio had cut off. The broadcast for today had finished.

I didn’t do well with this stillness, without any white noise in the background. All the more in the middle of the night like this.

It’s not–that I’m afraid or anything.
It was right when I stood and drew towards my antique music player, intending to have some kind of white noise in the background

“–Evening.”

I unintentionally gave a start at the sudden voice that I heard behind me.

“Who’s there!?”

I fearfully turned around.

The entrance door was open, and there was someone standing there–Although well, it’d be even more frightening if there had been just the voice with no one standing there.

They were short, wearing a cap that hung so low as to conceal their eyes, and the collar of their coat hid their mouth.

For a moment I thought, “Santa Claus?”, because their coat was red, but of course that couldn’t be it. Thinking on it realistically, the kind of visitor who would come here suddenly in the middle of the night like this—would probably be a burglar, or a deviant; no one here for anything good, at any rate.

I took out a pistol that had been carelessly left on top of a locker and pointed it at the other person.

“Get out. Anyone who’s not authorized is forbidden to be here.”

Even though they had a gun pointed at them, this person didn’t falter in the slightest. I couldn’t see their face so I didn’t know what expression they had on, but they didn’t run away or put their hands up, simply standing at attention and saying, “How odd for a gun to be in a hospital.”

They sounded young. It appeared to me that it was either a young boy’s voice, or a girl speaking with an attempt to imitate a male tone.
“A product of the times. You never know when you’re going to be attacked by some deviant, so it’s only natural, don’t you think?”

“These ‘deviants’ you’re talking about–do you mean the people who become your research subjects?”

“Yeah, you could say that. And…people like you.”

He reached a hand into his coat, and pulled something out.

The moment I realized it was a gun–I pulled the trigger without hesitation.

“–!?”

–The bullet passed right by the other’s head, and embedded itself into the far wall.

“You missed. Or…perhaps you did that on purpose. If so, you have quite good aim.”

"Next time I’ll hit you for real. –I’ll say it again, get out of here now!”

He flung the gun that he was carrying onto the floor, and finally raised both hands.

But even so, he still didn’t move to leave.

“Please don’t misunderstand—I’m not a thief, and I’m not a deviant like you’re thinking. I came here seeking a psychiatric examination.”

“I see. Seems like you need one.”

“It’s not for me.”

So saying, he left the room.

I’d chased him off—Though I was only left to think that for a moment, as he then returned to the room pushing along a wheelchair.
A girl was sitting in that wheelchair. She seemed conscious but her eyes were empty, and simply showed no sanity at all.

“She’s the one I want you to diagnose. Her name is Nemesis Sudou. Sadly, due to what she’s faced she has fallen to this doll-like state you see now.”

“Unfortunately I don’t take walk-ins. You’ll have to properly set up an appointment and come back during the day.”

But he shook his head in refusal.

"I can’t do that. We don’t have a lot of time left.”

“Your problems aren’t my concern.”

“…But we came all this way. I’m sorry, but I’ll force you to do this examination if I have to.”

I could hear the sound of glass breaking from outside the room.

At the same time, there was the cacophony of several men’s voices.

Apparently, this person and the girl in the wheelchair weren’t the only intruders.

“The building is already surrounded. Even with a gun, you’re completely outnumbered.”

I didn’t know if what he said was true or a bluff—and I figured that testing that would be a risky gamble.

“…I’d like some guarantee of my life, at least.”

“Of course. Please relax about that. I haven’t the slightest intention of killing you–Dr. Levia Barisol.”

“That’s not very persuasive, coming from someone who deliberately wields a gun.”

“Ah…you mean this?”

He scooped up the gun that he’d dropped and then held it out to me.

“It’s not loaded. I didn’t really bring it here as a weapon.”

“Then…why did you?”

I took the gun. It was a revolver, but of very old make.

“She–Nemesis once killed six individuals with this gun.”

“Oh, she’s a murderer, is she? Then perhaps instead of taking her here you should go to the police?”

“You know yourself that the police aren’t really functioning anymore, don’t you?”

“…True.”

It was as he said. Hence a mere researcher like me having a gun.

Right now I was in a world where I had to protect myself, by myself.

“—Well then, what should I be examining about this criminal?”

“I want to know about Nemesis’ life. How she lived, and how she came to kill those six people.”

“Are you not…an acquaintance of hers?”
“Acquaintance…I suppose so. I know her. But I don’t know much about Nemesis.”

“I don’t understand what you mean when you say that.”

“Don’t worry, you too will understand that…that is, if you examine her mind.”

This entire time he had been speaking with a calm tone, but I felt as though I was getting glimpses of desperation underneath.

As a psychologist I was somewhat interested in his state of mind, but first it seemed I wouldn’t be able to evade this situation without examining this girl named Nemesis.

"Nice to meet you, Ms. Nemesis,” I said to her.

For a moment her eyes flickered in my direction, but then she immediately started staring off into the distance.

Next, I lightly patted her cheek with my hand. There was a reaction, but she didn’t move to brush my hand away, merely keeping silent.

“…There’s just one problem.” I took my hand from her and said to her attendant, “Looking at the state of her right now, it seems like any kind of mutual understanding will be difficult. I’ll be unable to perform an initial counseling session.”

"Right. Normally, that would be the case. But–isn’t there another avenue you can take, Dr. Levia?”
So, he’d come here because he knew about me–about my “ability”.

In that case, any half-hearted deception I tried wouldn’t fly.

“Feh.” After I made a harsh sigh, I steeled my resolve and turned to him once more. “So, you want the ‘Swap’—Mind type.”

“Yes, exactly. I’m grateful you’re so quick on the uptake.”

“It’s a very dangerous method. In a worst case scenario it could have a significant negative effect on the subject’s mind—"

“There’s no problem there. As you can see, she was broken a long time ago.”

“…I don’t care much for putting it that way. You shouldn’t be using a word like ‘broken’ to refer to a human being.”

“I apologize if I’ve offended…But I didn’t come here tonight to debate with you over ethics and word choice. Please answer me—yes, or no?”

I had an uncomfortable feeling. Judging by his voice, the person before me was quite young, but yet he was too calm. Talking with him gave me the impression that I was interacting with some elderly person who had walked a life of several decades.

He had said he wasn’t a thief or a deviant. And that he had no intention of killing me.

However—he also hadn’t said a word about not harming me.

…This didn’t seem to me like a situation where I could simply say “no”.

“—Alright. But we’ll need some preparation to perform the ‘Swap’. Will you give me some time for that?”
“Please work as fast as you can.”

He sat down in the chair that I had been sitting in shortly before.

It didn’t look like he was going to leave the room until the preparations were done.

.

–The ‘Swap’ was a special psychiatric examination technique discovered and advocated for by the head of this facility, Professor Held Yggdra.

In principle perhaps you could say it’s a scientific revival of the occult that spans across both the Eastern and Western world. Well, simply put, it is a method through which one can vicariously experience parts of a subject’s life by aligning with their mind.

Naturally, the only people who would be able to do this single-handedly are those with extrasensory perception or psychic mediums (if such people were to actually exist)

But thanks to collaborative research with authorities of other fields, Professor Held was able to successfully construct a device which would make it possible to create a visualization of the mind using brain wave analysis, and to align it with that of another person.

This was a revolutionary invention, but at the same time it had several problems. In order to align with the subject’s mind, it followed that you would need someone to perform this task. But it was also established that the practitioner would need a certain “ability”.

To enter into the consciousness of another means to have two minds co-habiting inside one being. It would be impossible for a normal person to bear such an enormous strain.

Many tests were conducted to find someone with the ability to be this practitioner—this so-called “licensed person”—and I was one of several others who were ultimately selected.

This device that carried out the “Swap”…popularly named the “Black Box”, wound up being used for research in other fields as well. For example, the physicist Seth Twiright (one of the other developers of the Black Box) was able to carry out the observation of parallel worlds, which had until this point had their very existence disputed. That would likely have become the talk of the world if it wasn’t currently in chaos from the destruction crisis that was going on right now.

The Black Box has also been a great aid to my own research as well. My psychiatric analytical methods of the deviants who are responsible for the chaos of the world—technically named “HER”s—have progressed by leaps and bounds thanks to the Black Box.

…Though, well, that wasn’t always a good thing.

.

“That’s quite a large-scale device,” the red-coated boy said to me as I had the girl named Nemesis sit down in the Black Box, now fully prepped.

“It’s actually much smaller than the prototype.”

“I see…So, this—is the Black Box.”

“Are you interested in this kind of machine? Though, the average person’s not liable to ever lay eyes on one, so I suppose that does make it a curiosity.”

"Huh? …Yeah, well, that’s true.”
As the name suggested, the device had an exterior that looked like a black box. It was large enough that two people could just barely fit inside, and there were two seats set up in its interior for the “subject” and the “licensed person” to sit in.

After putting Nemesis in the seat for the subject, I connected several wires to her. I could stab the needle directly into her head…–Of course I wouldn’t do anything savage like that, but still, when I had all of the arrangements settled she had electric wires wrapped around her entire body.

Now then…this is the annoying part.

I had to do the same for myself. This is ordinarily where I would have an aide give me some assistance, but unfortunately the only people here were myself, Nemesis, and…the boy in the red coat.

“You—err, what’s your name?” I asked him.

“Me? …Right. Well—just call me ‘Postman’.”

“That’s an obviously fake name. …Whatever. Well then, Mister Postman. Could you lend me a hand?”

After I sat down in the seat for the “licensed person”, Postman went to attach the wires under my instruction.

“—Is this okay?”

“Yeah, it’s perfect. …Okay, lastly…Please press that red switch. When you do, the ‘Swap’ will commence.”

“Finally.”
“Once you press the switch, leave the Black Box within thirty seconds. After that don’t touch the machine while it’s in operation. Worst case, the hospital will be blown away, not to mention the device.”

That was, as one might expect, a lie, but I figured I ought to say that much.

“So all I can do is wait, huh? How long do you expect it to be until it finishes?”

“That depends on the mind of the subject, but…Whatever the case I’ll make the device halt after an hour.”

“An hour?”

“Neither mine nor the subjects’ spirits will be able to handle any more than that. I’ll probably have to take several breaks to see everything relating to these ‘six people’ you spoke of—the people she’s killed.”

“Nothing for it. If you say you have to. …Well then, I’m pushing the switch.”

Postman pushed the red button with his finger as directed, and immediately left the device.

The black door slowly closed up.

Sigh…What an annoyance, having to align my spirit with that of a murderer.

Sighing inwardly, I began to prepare my mind for the ‘Swap’.

.

Another person’s life. Their experiences.

The next time I was called to consciousness, I—had become Nemesis.
