Chapter 1 [Lukana Octo] Part 1:

That person wore a tattered shirt that had a open hem, eyes staring listlessly at the street.

His steps were so unstable that it seemed that a gust of wind would be sufficient to blow him away.

Walking past the tattered man, everyone scrunched their faces.

Today was the start of the year, the day which the New Year party was held on. Everyone tries to wear a more presentable outfit on this day, putting on an amiable smile to exchange greetings. That was precisely why the ghastly appearance of the male struck out more than usual, making it look as if a grey cloud was looming above his head.

However, everyone only looked at him from a distance, no one reprimanded him or tried to chase him out of the busy capital, Lasaland. No one could.

Because everyone knew that he was the duke of the Asmodean region.

(The duke really became mentally unstable)

(Having gone through that horrible incident, it can’t be helped)

(So pitiful…)

Unsure if he had actually heard the words said by the citizens, Sateriasis dragged his weak feet towards the road junction. No one knows where he was trying to get to, perhaps, even Sateriasis himself had no idea.

Not long after… his silhouette fell forward silently till it touched the stone pavement, his silhouette stopped moving.

“Ah!” a shocked voice came from somewhere. Yet, no one went forward immediately to help him up. Despite this being a frequent situation, the people nearby lacked the capabilities to respond flexibly and quickly.

— Other than one person.

“Are you okay?!”

A female rushed out from the crowd surrounding Sateriasis towards the him that was sprawled out on the ground. She held Sateriasis’s back, turning him around so that she can lift him up.

At this moment, the crowd finally reacted. A few males came to help her to lift Sateriasis up.

“Anyway, bring him over there first, I know the shopkeeper of that shop. ”

The female said as she pointed to the nearest building, a tailor shop.

They followed her words and brought Sateriasis into the shop.
