Keel's influence is not only limited to Elphegort; even Lucifenian and Marlon merchants owned properties that he managed; he can be regarded
as a "Business Leader". The first time I saw him was in the previous ball; prior to that, I thought he was a strong-bodied man with a beard. But
in fact, Keel has a slightly gentle face like of young men. Hanging on his nose were glasses that he's famous for, so I couldn't help but sigh that he
really deserves to be a merchant with high popularity.

Today, I'm going to Keel's residence; in fact, it isn't about the Elphegort king who provided food for our country but him. Keel on several
occasions provided domestic financial assistance for the construction of Lucifenia; I guess this behaviour is not really very stange but……

I shook my head; I shouldn't think about this complicated questions. I'm not a politician nor a king, but just an ordinary servant. My mission is to
complete this task, and nothing more.

Perhaps because noon has already passed, the Aceid market was full of people. For me, the most refreshing thing is the people's hair color. No
matter young or old, everyone's hair is green, green, green.

However, not all of the hair colors are exactly the same; some of them are close to yellow-green and some are reddish, which is their way to
differentiate them from each other. In general, all of them are green.

So I finally understood why they call this the "Green Country".

My country Lucifenia is also nicknamed the "Yellow Country". Although it should mean that we should have blonde hair(Yellow hair), not
everyone of us does.

Same goes to the "Blue Country" Marlon; King Kyle has blue hair, but nearly all the guards have black and brown hair. I heard that it's called
"Blue Country" because it was an island surrounded by the sea.

(This way, I might not be able to fulfill Gumilia's favor……)

I remembered something Elluka's apprentice, Gumilia asked me to do out of town.
