♦Allen ~Elphegort Kingdom's "The Northern Region of the Capital City, Aceid"~

Sitting in the carriage, Michaela and I went to the streets of the northern region. The driver said that the Freesis mansion is very close from
here.

Thanks to Michaela's guidelines, we found a shortcut, covering up the time delayed by our break in the central region. This way, we should be
able to see Keel as scheduled.

On the way, Michaela and I talked a lot. Today, she went to the center of the city to buy soap.

"Miss Michaela, why did you sing there?"

"You saw the teenage boy at the Plaza, right? That child…… His parents died of illness, and thus he became unhappy. So I tried to encourage
him with a song; I didn't expect that everyone will gather over there……"

"You're good at singing. Do you often sing in front of many people?"

"Well, not very often, but only occasionally…… really!"

"……! W-Why?"

"You're really stereotypical～～～ watch your words!"

"Haha, sorry. I should use honorifics in the face of older persons."

"Oh～～Allen, how old are you?"

"I'm fourteen years old this year."

"Well… I'm…… s-sixteen years old! It's just a thin two-years-difference! So don't be so punctual, you know!"

Michaela said as she threw me a glad eye. "Don't be so stereotypical"…… She also said that it's her first time to meet Germaine. Now that
father died, what will I do? My mind was suddenly filled with one year of not seeing my righteous sister.

"I understand, Ms. Michaela."

“……”

"I-I know, Michaela!"

I half-deprecatingly replied, but the answer didn't seem to make her satisfied. With my conversation with Michaela, I found her face to be very
rich, and never hides her feelings. Looking at this, I can't help but think that although she and Gumilia are friends, their personalities are quite
different.

Michaela said that she was born in a village near the Thousand-Year Tree's forest, and later left the village and looked for a job with a friend;
they didn't find one. And while the two were still bewildered, Keel's wife, Mrs. Freesis lent a helping hand, so they became the servants of the
Lady.

"This country is very discriminate against other ethnic groups."

Michaela's face was a little gloomy.

"I hang out with a friend…… named Clarise. She doesn't look the same as the others…… Ever since childhood she had been bullied by others;
when we came to Aceid, it was the same old way. Even if I was around, Clarise totally can't find a job……"
