♦Allen~Lucifenian Palace's "Hall of Sounds"~

The next day.

To report the results of my discussion with Keel, I was allowed to attend a conference held at the Hall of Sounds. At the Hall of Sounds,
Riliane, Minis, other ministers, and Elluka's faces were exposed.

The meeting was ordered as: First, I'll give my report; then, Minis will report about his visit to the Marlon country. Minis and I returned home
very late yesterday.

I knelt down in front of Riliane and briefly reported the contents of our discussion. This is the first time I had such an experience; although I
was a bit nervous, I successfully completed…… it.

"I see…… So he wants the inside story of our country."

"Yes, that's what Keel thought in the end."

"I don't care. He's just an ordinary merchant; he can't possibly be thinking of a major act."

After I gave my report, the ministers expressed their views and bustled in the Hall of Sounds. Riliane sat in the center; nodding her head. But I
knew that it only meant that she was skeptical, because her eyes didn't look interested. Maybe the only thing on her mind right now is what
today's snack is.

"To put it simply, we shouldn't let our guard down to Keel in the future; we should pay attention to his every move…… Allen, good work."

Elluka summed up the discussion and put it to a stop. Just when I was about to step down……

"Wait a minute, Allen."

Riliane stopped me.

"What's today's snack?"

I knew she was thinking about that.

"Brioche."

I shortly answered.

Then, it was Minis' turn. He kneeled in front of Riliane in fear; his originally bloodless face was paler than usual.

"Uh～～～～ First of all, Queen Dowager Prim and King Kyle were very pleased with the honoraria we sent…… so they deliberately ordered
me to bring something back."

As Minis finished, he signaled servants to move up something. In gold and silver jewelry, a small glass container drifted along. In the container
filled with water, there was only one weird eight-legged creature swimming in the water.

"Wow…… What is it?"

Riliane stiffened her face.

"They said that it's one of the baby octopuses they often capture in the coastal waters of Marlon. Because of its weird shape, nobody wanted to
eat it."
