“The State of Affairs”

The great war that began as a result of the assassination of the Asmodean prince was gradually wrapped up after the revolt that occurred in Holy Levianta in the year 983. However, at the same time it made obvious the decline of the USE (Union State of Evillious), and around the time Nemesis was released from prison in year 985, each country in Evillious was starting to take its own individual measures.

In year 986, Gammon Octo, the leader of the Tasan Party in Elphegort, gave Nemesis the position of vice-leader. There were voices in opposition of making a political novice such as herself the vice-leader, but ultimately she was promoted through Gammon’s own will and the backing of the public.

Nemesis, who had killed the reviled Gallerian Marlon, was seen as a hero by the people. Gammon figured that they needed her popularity to take back the Tasan Party’s influence.

Nemesis was promoted to the new head of the Tasan party by Gammon’s disappearance in the year 989. That same year, the Tasan party achieved majority control of Elphegort. Nemesis then proceeded to press on with changing Elphegort into the military regime that Gammon had originally conceived.

That same year, former Dark Star Bureau director Hanma Baldured died in Elphegort’s Yatski Village.

Needed for this militarization was an enormous amount of funds and public support. On the one hand the Tasan administration deepened its relationship with the Yarera Zusco Conglomerate, while on the other it began to suppress the foreign-bound Freezis Conglomerate. This “anti-Freezis” policy wound up gathering the support of Elphegort ultranationalists.

As the militarization of the country progressed, its relationship with its neighboring nations worsened. Lucifenia and Marlon in particular would frequently voice criticism of Elphegort’s military regime. One cause of that being that both countries had a deep connection to the Freezis Conglomerate.

Meanwhile, the countries of Asmodean and Beelzenia, whose relationships with Lucifenia were bad due to conditions before the great war, supported Elphegort’s policies. These three countries, having already joined in alliance, developed an even friendly relationship under the banner of opposing Lucifenia. Asmodean especially was collapsing into an economic crisis due to events from before the great war, and so even from within the country there were more and more voices clamoring to merge with Elphegort.

In the year 991, Elphegort proposed an annexation of Asmodean under the pretext of guardianship. The Asmodean government put the matter of whether they would take the merger or remain independent to a public vote. The government had naturally envisioned that independence votes would take the lead, but contrary to their expectations, annexation won by a thin margin. They had misread the lack of faith that the people of their country had towards their government.

In 992, Asmodean merged with Elphegort. The former Asmodean government proposed changing the country name to “Elphegort Asmodean”, but the Tasan party refused. The new country name was decided as “Tasan Elphegort”.

In 993, Tasan Elphegort finally declared war on Lucifenia. They were excommunicated from the USE, but as the USE’s structure had already become largely ineffectual Tasan Elphegort made no move to rescind their invasion force. That same year Beelzenia also declared war on Lucifenia.

In response to this, Marlon and Holy Levianta that headed the USE military planned a full-scale siege of Tasan Elphegort. The neutral power, the United States of Maistia, announced its intent to provide aid to the USE allied nations. And due to Jakoku declaring war on Maistia, the coals of flame were spread across the entire world.

In 995, the Republic of Lucifenia fell to Tasan Elphegort. But Tasan Elphegort’s steady advance stopped there, and the USE side gradually came to hold the advantage.

In 998, the Tasan party began research into a new weapon “Punishment” to defeat their unfavorable position in the war. They fired the prototype on a forest in their own country. One of its developers who witnessed its power was said to have murmured, “Now we are all sons of bitches”.

The second prototype was to be aimed at the United States of Maistia. But the test failed, and the location that “Punishment” actually landed on was Jakoku, far removed from its target. Due to this Jakoku’s southern island of Onigashima suffered catastrophic destruction.

Fearing the existence of “Punishment”, Maistia’s president Tarot dispatched a special task force led by Bruno Zero. They launched an assault on Tasan headquarters, but the mission ended in failure.

In 999, the USE army surrounded Tasan Elphegort. They called for a complete surrender. But the next day—a sum total of 108 “Punishments” were launched at the entire world from Tasan Elphegort.

.

“Organizations/Important Figures”

The Freezis Conglomerate
Commander Muspell Freezis dies in year 985. His son Surtr inherits his position. By this time the once affluent Freezis Conglomerate is on the road to decline. This is further accelerated by their oppression by the Tasan Party, and by the time Tasan Elphegort invades Lucifenia their branches in other countries have already been closed down, leaving only their headquarters in Marlon. However, their actual circumstances aside, the prestige they had to their name was going strong even during the great war.

.

The Yarera Zusco Conglomerate
They supported Tasan Elphegort right up until the world was destroyed. However, company head Gusuma Yarera had initially refused to provide the Tasan party aid. This was because his little sister and niece had died during the incident with the S.S. Titanis. Gusuma would often voice his hatred towards the perpetrator Nemesis to his underlings. But aside from his personal feelings, he was also a natural-born businessman, and a patriot. Ultimately he prioritized his organization’s profits and his country’s prosperity.

Gusuma’s younger adopted brother Jorm died during the Leviantan revolt the following year in 984. Publicly it was a suicide, but it’s not clear if that was really the case. There are rumors that he was poisoned by Gusuma.

.

Gammon Octo
He suddenly went missing in year 989. It was made public soon afterwards that he’d died in the Millennium Tree Forest. However, in truth that wasn’t the case. He had lived on in “Evils Theater”. Gammon had been captured by the theater’s “residents”, and afterwards came to work as their “gardener” in exchange for staying his execution. There, he came to learn many “truths” about the world. But in the end he was caught up in the “Punishment” that Nemesis fired at the forest.

.

Restaurant “Graveyard”
A suspicious restaurant that was shut down by some conspiring on Gallerian’s part.

The owner Lich and the cook Eater temporarily became members of PN afterwards, but after Gallerian’s death they apparently wound up becoming residents of “Evils Theater”.

After the girl who worked as Waiter was released from prison, she went missing. Some witnesses claimed to have seen her with a woman wearing a kimono in the Millennium Tree Forest, but the truth is uncertain.

.

Hel Jaakko
Originally a member of PN. After leaving the Dark Star Bureau, she quietly lived in Holy Levianta with her family.

In 998 she was suddenly reunited with her old friend Bruno. Realizing the danger posed to the world, she spurred on her aged body and resolved to give Bruno her assistance.

.

Feng Li
Originally a member of PN. After leaving Gallerian he returned to his home country. There he met the girl of his dreams (a human) and had two children with her. He fled with his family to Levianta due to the political instability in said home country. At first he tried to discourage his old friend Hel from taking such reckless action, but ultimately he joined in on the assault against the Tasan party with her.
