“The Black Box”

The popular name of a device that was originally created to perform a special spiritual observation technique called the “Swap”.

After the spaceship “Climb One” departed from Earth, the crewmembers ended up creating several new models of it. All of them shared the points of “spirit data manipulation” and “movement to particular spaces”, but their functions differed depending on the type.

.

Type E
The original device developed under the leadership of Held Yggdra.

Under the operation of those with the talent to perform a “Swap”, it is able to vicariously experience another person’s life. This vicarious experience takes place inside a particular space in the “Black Box”, and it’s even possible to re-experience things like pain and taste. It was loaded onto the “Climb One” as well, but was damaged due to some troubles mid-journey. It was discarded due to being inoperable.

.

Type S
A second edition newly created by physicist Seth Twiright based on the original device.

This one placed heavy emphasis in improving upon the “Black Box”’s shifting space function. It was able to move person’s spirit data to another world separate from the present reality, a so-called “parallel world”, and could also conversely also summon the spirit data of someone from that parallel world to the present reality. The only ones who could operate it were an even more select few out of those with the talent for doing the “Swap”, and the only two people to ever actually use it in the Second Period were Seth and Levia Barisol.

It was not loaded onto the “Climb One”, but Seth rebuilt a smaller version of the “Black Box” in the Third Period. However, between the two this machine was actually closer in design to the original device. The Third Period version of the “Type S” Black Box is only able to go to the spiritual world inside a select person.

.

Type L
A “Black Box” developed in the “Climb One” under Levia Barisol’s guidance.

It greatly intensified the function of the Type E version, and as such was able to completely move one’s spirit data into another person’s body. In other words, someone could be reborn as a different person entirely.

Furthermore, one could use it even without having the talent for performing the “Swap”; to avoid misuse it was programmed so that it could only be used with the permission of the entire “Climb One” crew. Although, in the event that a crewmember was determined to have died, their permission requirement would be erased automatically (and while this is ordinarily impossible, if a deleted crewmember were to be revived, they would once more be added to the list of required members).

.

Others
Several other models of “BlackBox” were created on the “Climb One”, however most of them are thought to have been rendered inoperable due to the spaceship crash. Still, several “Black Box”es have been confirmed to exist in the Third Period. Aside from the one Seth made that was covered earlier, there’s also a “BLACKBOX” in the “Heavenly Yard”, its developer unknown. Inside this “BLACKBOX” there is an akashic record of the accumulated data of all of the souls that exist in the heavenly yard, and by viewing all of it once can vicariously experience the history of the Third Period.

It isn’t flawless, however, as one cannot view the data of those souls that had fallen to the Hellish Yard.

.

“evil”

The “malice” gene that was propagating in the final days of the Second Period. Those afflicted with it became deviants called “HER(Hereditary Evil Raiser)”s. Ultimately two-thirds of the world’s population became “HER”s, and this became the source of the world’s fall to ruin.

The plan was for there to be no “HER”s born into the Third Period, but due to conspiring on Seth’s end the “evil” gene wound up being brought into the new world.

.

“Earth”

The planet that the people of the Second Period once lived in. However, at some point the crewmembers of the “Climb One” started calling the planet “Gudnatia” rather than “Earth”. They called the new planet that they discovered “Earth” in its place, and tried to bring about a new society there.

.

“Climb One Crewmembers”

Held
His specialty was biology, but he was a genius who had left behind several achievements in other fields as well. He had even worked as a judge on Earth once.

.

Rahab
Levia’s mother. A highly skilled psychologist, she was the first person with the “Swap” talent to be selected. She becomes the “Demon of Envy” in the Third Period.

.

Gilles
A space scientist. He was also one of Rahab’s lovers. He becomes the “Demon of Lust” in the Third Period.

.

Vlad
A researcher of biotechnology. He was a huge eater. He becomes the “Demon of Gluttony” in the Third Period, but he ends up being taken into Banica Conchita.

.

Eater
Vlad’s cousin, and also his assistant. He died before the creation of the Third Period.

.

Marie
A historian. The youngest among the crew. She becomes the “Demon of Pride” in the Third Period.

.

Salem
An economist. He wasn’t of much use, but it’s said the tea he made was quite delicious. He becomes the “Demon of Greed” in the Third Period.

.

Lich
An authority on creating artificial humans.

.

Michael
Lich’s younger brother. Also one of Levia’s assistants. Dies before the creation of the Third Period.

.

Behemo
Levia’s younger twin brother. Worked as one of Lich’s assistants.

.

Seth
A physicist. Was also one of a particular artificially created lifeform called the “mask race”. Boarded the “Climb One” by masquerading as another person. He becomes the “Demon of Wrath” in the Third Period.

.

Hazuki
An engineer. Details unknown.
