“The Irregular; Allen”

The “heavenly yard” was the land of heaven where the souls of the dead would wander.

There was a device called a “BLACKBOX” there, and the soul of a boy named Allen was locked up inside it.

After the world was destroyed by “Punishment”, the lid to the “BLACKBOX” was opened and Allen was released.

And there he realized something. All the souls that should have been in the “heavenly yard” had vanished. Allen learned from the sun god Sickle that thanks to the influence of the world’s destruction, all of the souls had fallen to the ground world.

And so, under Sickle’s orders, Allen dropped down to the ground world once more.

After reuniting with the Millennium Tree Michaela, Allen followed her direction to meet with various figures.

They were the ones who had once made contracts with the “Demons of Deadly Sin”.

After greeting Duke Venomania and conversing with the Evil Food Eater, Allen headed for the Lucifenian Palace in order to meet his sister, Riliane.

Despite having managed to see her, a bizarre occurrence took place before they could talk.

All of the souls in the palace began to fall into sleep one by one, due to the drug “gift” from the Sleep Princess.

Heading to the Sleep Princess alongside Michaela’s friend Clarith, he witnessed the scene of Fifth, Pierrot sealing the Sleep Princess into a doll.

Next Allen reunited with Kayo at the ruins of Enbizaka. She wound up going to the courthouse to receive her judgment. Chasing after her, Allen realized that this building was identical to the USE Dark Star Courthouse.

Kayo’s trial was held by the Dark Star Bureau Director Gallerian Marlon.

The sentence—execution.

However, before the sentencing could be carried out the Master of the Hellish Yard, Gumillia, appeared, and sent Gallerian’s soul to the Hellish Yard once more. By Gumillia’s hand, Allen was flung down to the place called the “grave yard”.

There he met with Nemesis, who had destroyed her sense of self; using a golden key she set into motion a destructive power.

.

The light of a “Punishment” that would even destroy souls—Allen was swallowed up by it, but when he came to again he was once more inside the “BLACKBOX” in the “heavenly yard”. It seemed that time had rewound to right before he was released.

However, if things kept up the way they were, the same thing would happen again. Steadying his resolve to stop Nemesis, Allen once more headed to the ground world.

.

“heavenly yard”

The land where the souls of those who died in the present world reside along with the sun god Sickle. It is called heaven.

It’s possible to see it from the ground world, and it is called the “Moon”.

Due to the destruction of the world, the boundary between the Hellish Yard and the ground world was erased, and as a result all of the souls fell to the ground world.

The former earth god Held and Levia’s brother Behemo were also there. However, after the world’s destruction Held too went down to the ground world, and Behemo went missing.

.

“grave yard”

A space that exists deep in the bowels of Seth’s laboratory “Lunaca Labora”. A large amount of the legacy of the Second Period taken from the spaceship “Climb One” rests there. You could call it a grave site.

Behemo managed this place during the creation of the Third Period.

This legacy that Banica Conchita had tried to get her hands on yet remains, not having been destroyed by the weapon “Punishment” fired by Nemesis.

What’s more, there is another facility that connects the ground world and the “grave yard” outside of “Lunaca Labora”. It was underneath the Castle of Hedgehog in Marlon, but it was destroyed by the Zorach family centuries ago.

.

“hellish yard”

The place called the hellish yard, where the souls of those who did evil deeds in life go. Further in is the place called “hell”.

It was originally a facility Levia created for research into the spirit data of the new humanity during the creation of the Third Period. Levia proposed using it for the purpose of managing “HER”s after the creation was finished as well, but Hazuki and Held refused. This became one of the causes of their fight.

It went abandoned for a long time due to the defeat of Levia and the others, but several centuries back it wound up being managed by Gumillia and Seth.

All those who contracted with a “Demon of Deadly Sin” fell down to it without exception, but now that the barrier between this and the ground world is gone, the contractors have all escaped.

However, Venomania, Gallerian, and Kayo have presently been brought back once more by the Master of the Hellish Yard.

.

“the ground world”

Everything was turned to ash by “Punishment”.

However, thanks to the souls of the dead (spirit data), much of the nature and buildings that existed before the destruction and such were given concrete form, and appeared on the ground world.

These were illusory, and so didn’t actually exist, but the souls were able to interact with them as they did when they were alive.

Not just by looking, but by touching, and eating, and so on.

These illusions were brought about by the merging of the Hellish Yard and the ground world.

After the world’s destruction, the souls wander the ground world divided up into various communities.

This may appear to be no different from before the world was destroyed, but the fact remains that they are dead, and they cannot hope for any advancement past this point.
