“…Such an awful sight.”

Elluka gazed at the now-ghost town of Toragay in stupefaction.

The town was dead silent.

But that wasn’t because it was currently nighttime.

If she were to pick any home and head inside, she would probably find the residents all scattered around in an eternal sleep.

Should she call this a tragedy?

Or should she be grateful that the damage didn’t extend to any other towns?

…No, I can’t be off my guard yet.

The sixth “gift”—it was possible that there were still people infected with it left remaining.

If even one of them had managed to survive, and were able to slip by the police and leave Toragay–

Then the number of victims would spread from that once more.

Until all of humanity was put to sleep.

“-Cough-“

Elluka held her flank, where some pain still lingered.

–“Sixth, Venom”. After she’d been stabbed by him, Elluka had been carried off to a hospital in Aceid by Gumillia. The wound had been so grave that if the coachman hadn’t been pushing the horses as fast as he possibly could, she likely wouldn’t have made it.

Should she be grateful that her life had been saved?

Or despair that they were unable to find a means to save Toragay thanks to all the time it took for her to recover from her injury?

.

“Sorry, to keep you waiting.” Gumillia drew closer to Elluka’s side.

“You’ve done well. So, how was it?”

Gumillia had been investigating in Elluka’s stead, as she still couldn’t move sufficiently yet.

“Well…I searched, Shadow’s mansion again, but it seems the ‘doll’, wasn’t inside, after all. I don’t know, if it’s been taken away, or if it wasn’t there in the first place…”

They still hadn’t found the proof that Margarita had made a contract with a “demon” —the “doll” that was a Vessel of Deadly Sin. She’d assumed it was hidden in Shadow’s mansion, but it seems she’d been off the mark.

“Furthermore—“

Gumillia continued her report.

“Margarita’s corpse, has also vanished.”

“…Maybe ‘Sixth, Venom’ took it away.”

They’d been beaten.

Elluka and her apprentice had lost.

Against Pere Noel.

Against its leader, “First, Santa Claus”—the red cat sorceress.

And against the Sleep Princess.

But she had no intention of letting it end here.

They might have lost all of their leads, but they had to search for their foes, no matter what.

–No, I suppose we haven’t lost all of our leads.

There was Bruno. He was connected to Pere Noel.

But in order to approach him directly they would need to go on the offensive against both the World Police and the Freezis Foundation itself.

We’ve a lot of preparations we’ll have to make–

But they absolutely had to.

They needed to cross this turning point in their lives and start heading towards the end.

Even so—no, because of that even—they couldn’t afford to just stand around.

“Thank you, Gumillia. Well then let’s get—“

“Wait. One more thing.”

“What is it?”

“’Julia Abelard’.”

“…That’s the name Shadow was using. What of it?”

“There is another woman, with the same, name. A noble, in Lucifenia.”

“—What?”

Shadow had said it.

That she wasn’t the “Red Cat Sorceress”, “First, Santa Claus”, or—“Julia Abelard”.

If a real “Julia Abelard” existed, then surely this woman had to be—

“I understand, Gumillia. In either case, we have to investigate more deeply into this…’Pere Noel’. So then our next destination has been decided.”

“…”

“Let’s go, to Lucifenia.”

“Yes, Elluka.”

.

“Hold up!”

There was someone who called out to Elluka and Gumillia, stopping them as they started to leave town.

It was the coachman from before. Though they’d stopped him many times, in the end he had forcefully accompanied the two of him here.

The moment they got inside Toragay he’d headed for his home. And now he had returned to them.

“…What’s wrong?”

She could guess the answer, though. The way things were, then surely his mother was like the others–

“It’s not…It’s not anywhere.”

“—Huh?”

“It wasn’t in the house, and I searched around nearby, but—my ma’s corpse isn’t anywhere. No, not just Mom—other people’s corpses too. Feels like there are a whole lot less of them than I thought there’d be. There are several people I knew that I can’t find…”

…What did this mean?

Could it be that—

“Wait a moment…I hear, something.” Gumillia said, cupping a hand to her ear and listening.

Elluka strained to hear it too.

–There was something alright.

It was very faint, albeit.

But a voice from somewhere.

“That way.”

Gumillia pointed in a certain direction.

The building that stood there–

“Let’s head there…to the Blankenheim manor.”

.

The lock was broken.

When the three of them went inside, they could more clearly hear the voice that had been so quiet before.

“…It’s coming from the basement.”

Elluka, the coachman, and Gumillia quickly headed for the stairs and descended downwards.

The voice gradually grew louder yet. It wasn’t just one person. Many voices were echoing up from below.

And when she got all the way there and opened the door, what Elluka saw was—

“—Hey, someone’s shown up!”

“Huh, what!? Are they infected?”

“I dunno. It’s some woman in a weird robe.”

“Maybe the rescue party’s arrived?”

“I don’t think so. They don’t look like police. Oy, you lot, who the hell—“

From a rough glance, there might have been about fifty people there. These citizens had been living here in this basement, crowded together in such a narrow space.

Obviously, none of them had fallen to sleep.

–They were all alive.

“Hey, make way!”

She could see someone parting the crowd of people towards them.

“Oh, what’s this? It is you after all. Your hair color’s different so I didn’t get it right away, but…That you, Hanne?”

“–! Ms. Brigitt—“

“Maaaaaaaaaaa!”

The coachman was the one that cried out. He hugged Brigitta and then collapsed to his knees, bawling.

“Thank goodness…you’re still alive…I thought you were…gone for sure…”

“Good grief…a grown man crying like a baby. There’s nothing more pathetic,” Brigitta said, her eyes also glistening somewhat.

“Ms. Brigitta…Thank goodness. But how are you safe–?”

As Elluka asked her question, Brigitta’s expression became a little bit darker as she answered, “We’re not safe. Everyone’s been fairly on the verge of death. The survivors who realized it was a plague all fled to the basement of the largest building in town, this mansion.”

That was likely a last ditch struggle to keep the infection from spreading further.

“But even here, several people have died. We had people who had already caught the disease with us. …For a while there, we were all preparing to die here.”

“But everyone here is still alive.”

“That’s thanks to him,” Brigitta said, and gestured farther into the basement.

Standing there was another figure that was familiar to both Elluka and Gumillia.

“Mr. Egmont…”

The owner of the La Bula pharmacy. When Elluka called to him, he seemed to realize who they were and leisurely moved closer.

“Hey hey, what’s with the creepy getup? –Including that officer over there.”

“Well, things happen…Are you the one who saved everyone here?”

“By chance. As a last struggle I started randomly testing all the medicine in my shop. And then—I discovered just one drug that seemed to have an effect.”

“And…what drug is that?”

“This, although there isn’t much left.”

Egmont took out a small bottle filled with a white, clouded liquid.

“…You’re kidding me, this is…”

“Indeed. The drug you bought from me that one time. Who’d have thought a mere energy tonic would have an effect on a pathogen. I was stunned.”

So was she. A medicine that could cure an illness brought about by the calamity of a “demon”—what in the world was in that stuff?

–Puerick Rogzé, who had developed the antidote that cured the Gula disease…he was a normal person too.

Maybe they didn’t need “sorceresses” to vanquish “demons” after all. Human ingenuity itself was what was most important for averting tragedy–

–Maybe it really is time for me to retire.

Bearing all that in mind.

As she felt relief that there were survivors, Elluka found herself growing quickly irate at something else.

What “Toragay in Ruins”!? The World Police and the Newspaper barely investigated…Honestly, I was right to quit after all.

At any rate, finding these people had lit a faint light in Elluka’s once depressed heart.

This white liquid…the drug that cured “gift”–

“Hey, this drug…What exactly is it made of?”

“…Ah, well, that’s a bit tricky.”

Egmont seemed to clam up at Elluka’s question.

“Tell me. The threat that ‘gift’—that the pathogen poses hasn’t completely gone away. We have to prepare for it and establish a manufacturing method—"

“…No, that’s, uh…it’s not really, uh, right to talk about here.”

“—Did you do something shady to get it?”

“N-n-n-no of course no—“

“Tell me! People’s lives are at stake!” Elluka threatened.

Egmont shrunk back from her. “Th-that’s enough! I’ll—I’ll tell you already!”

“Then what is it made of?”

“Hah…This medicine’s primary ingredient…that would be—“
