“I want to talk with her alone,” Elluka had said, and so she left Gumillia with Michaela.

She moved along the forest path with Margarita. A little while later, they finally arrived at a small, abandoned home.

–It was the place where she had originally taught Gumillia and Michaela how to use magic.

Margarita rushed up to the hut and entered it ahead of her.

When Elluka went inside after her, Margarita was sitting in a plain wooden chair.

“You bringing me here like this—That must mean you’ve come to understand everything, haven’t you?”

“…Yes.” Elluka nodded.

“I have too. When I drank the seventh ‘gift’, I remembered everything.”

“…Yes. It wasn’t a drug to make you sleep, but to wake you up.”

“You could say that is correct, but you could also say that’s wrong. At that time, Margarita certainly fell into an eternal sleep. And in her place…I awoke.”

“—From where should I begin, I wonder…Well, let’s start with Margarita.” Elluka found a different chair and sat in it. “Margarita Blankenheim—No, at that point, she was still Margarita Felix, right?—she was brought into this world, and then soon died. But she was revived thanks to the help of the ‘Red Cat Sorceress’, eventually grew up beautifully, and got married to Kaspar Blankenheim. –Her father, the townspeople, and even myself, everyone thought that was what happened…But that was a mistake—Everyone had been deceived.”

From outside the hut, she could hear the sound of birds chirping. It sounded like a robin.

Margarita was silent, a calm smile suspended on her face as she listened to Elluka talk.

“Margarita was never brought back to life. I don’t think there’s any sorcerer that practices that kind of magic. The sorceress merely took away Margarita’s corpse. And in its place she left behind a doll—that is to say, you.”

“—But everyone was convinced that Margarita had been revived. No one discovered that I was a ‘doll’.”

“That’s because that is your—the ‘Demon of Sloth’’s–ability. Your power activated the moment you were swapped with the real Margarita. All of the people around at that time fell asleep. …A waking sleep.”

“…”

“Maybe I should call it ‘Mass Hypnosis’? Well, it’s a dreadful power, at any rate. For everybody to be so convinced that a mere clay doll is a human being. …Even I, a sorceress myself. Your being unable to sleep was only natural. I doubt that a doll sleeps, after all. And it was also natural that no matter how much I searched for the “doll” vessel of deadly sin, I never found it. Because—It was you who was that doll.”

“That’s right…Everyone—everyone was sleeping. From the beginning.” Margarita—No, the doll stood, and this time sat down on a bed by her side. “And I—my personality of Margarita, was also bewitched by this overwhelmingly strong power. Until the event of Margarita’s death, I had been completely convinced I was a real human. That I was an ordinary human, special only in that I didn’t ever sleep.”

“It’s not just Margarita that you’ve been acting in the stead of. You once spent time as a human in another era as well. And I acted for a little while alongside you then.”

“Hahaha, you’ve figured that out as well, hm? Makes me nostalgic …You worked me very hard back then didn’t you, Elluka?”

“The girl who carried the name of Phantom Thief Platonic…The one I met during the Conchita event 300 years ago. I had thought you were a descendant of Mikulia Greeonio’s. But when I heard the story of “The Flower of the Plateau”, I realized that was incorrect. If that story is true, then…that means that the only child Mikulia gave birth to was killed and thrown into a well. So Mikulia couldn’t have had any descendants.”

“Her only child? Why do you make such an assertion? She could have given birth to more children with the lord of Calgaround after that, don’t you think?”

“That’s impossible. Because Mikulia…died young in Asmodean, soon after that child was born. I was a witness to her death, so of that I am certain. In other words, the Mikulia that was in Calgaround was really—”

The doll stood once more. This time, without sitting anywhere she plucked a flower growing from a gap in the floor.

“’The Flower of the Plateau’—that was also me.”

“Right. When I found Mikulia’s name in Yukina’s journal, I was confused. My doubts only grew stronger after collecting data on Calgaround. Mikulia, who I’d believed long dead, going to Calgaround, becoming the wife of a feudal lord, causing such an incident–I wondered if it was a different person with the same name. But the one depicted in the portrait was truly Mikulia, there was no mistaking that.”

“This body of mine was originally made by IR copying Mikulia’s appearance. So there’s nothing strange whatever about us being the spitting image.”

IR—The name the “Red Cat Sorceress” was using at that time.

This doll was made by the “Red Cat Sorceress”?…No, that was peculiar.

She was sure that all of the sin vessels had been made by the “Twins of God”—the poor quality copies of the dragon.

“Hahah, you look surprised, Elluka. Seems as though you didn’t know that particular fact. Well then, from here I’ll explain it to you.”

The doll leisurely made her way to the corner of the room, and leaned against the decorative frame of the fireplace there.

“The item that ruled ‘Sloth’ among the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’…In reality, it never existed in the first place. What, then, happened to the Demon of Sloth? The answer is simple. The ‘demon’ dwelled not in a vessel, but people. In each respective generation its host would change, and each time it would transform the appearance of the host to resemble itself. –But because IR created a new vessel for me, that became no longer necessary.”

“–I see then…Then you used the ‘Swap Technique’!”

“Oh–why do you think that? The ‘Swap Technique’ is something that humans—that sorcerers use, isn’t it? ‘Demons’ wouldn’t have a need for such a skill.”

“…Will you stop trying to keep up this pointless deception already? I already know who you really are!”

Elluka quickly stood and rushed towards the fireplace.

And then gripped the neck of the doll that was there.

“—Stop. That hurts!”

“It hurts? Hmph, don’t make me laugh. A clay doll can’t possibly feel pain from this.”

The doll’s form gradually began to shrink—No, that wasn’t it. Her…the doll’s hypnosis had been broken.

Finally, she returned to her original form—a small, waist high Gine doll.

<Hahah, it’s been a hundred years since I’ve shown you this form, hm?> Despite this the doll once again continued to speak. <Well then, please tell me. What am I?>

“…It’s just as you said yourself. If there was never a vessel that controlled ‘Sloth’, then that means that there was never a ‘Demon of Sloth’ itself in the first place—That conclusion is obvious enough. And if that’s the case, then it’s reasoned that you are a different being that was pretending to be it. For plausible people, with this appearance…There’s only one person that I can think of.”

<…>

“You’ve been deceiving everyone. …Me, and even the “Twins of God”.”

While holding the doll by its neck, Elluka raised it to eye level.

And facing her opponent, she said:

.

“Unbelievable, that you’re still alive, Original Sinner—Eve Zvezda.”

.

–The doll began to laugh.

It wasn’t the same laughter that she’d heard just earlier.

It was a shrill scream, as though insane. As though broken.

<HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA! –You’re correct. But you made just one little mistake. …I’m not Eve Zvesda, I’m Eve Moonlit. I married Adam, so my surname changed.>

“Whatever. …What is your purpose? For what reason have you continued to survive this long? Even as far as becoming your current form—“

The Original Sinner. Eve.

The woman who had been the impetus of the creation of the “Vessels of Deadly Sin”.

The former Millenium Tree, Held, was the one who had explained the particulars of that to Elluka. Adam and Eve, and the “Twins of God” that they had raised, all lived in this forest long ago. Yes, inside of this abandoned hut they had lived as a temporary family.

When the twins turned fourteen, Eve and her husband abandoned them in the forest. It’s said that had been one year after the catastrophe–the rampage of the “Sin” in the magic kingdom–had occurred. Due to the influence of that catastrophe, famine and plague had grown severe even in Elphegort. Maybe it had been to lower the cost of their food, or maybe there had been some other reason–in any case, Eve had all too quickly discarded the twins that she’d raised as her own children.

But the twins had survived, and had struck back against Eve and her husband. The twins had returned to this hut, and killed both their adoptive parents. Then, using the bodies and souls of Adam and Eve, as well as some household goods that had been in the hut, they’d created the “Vessels of Deadly Sin”. Adam and Eve, who had held powers that were outstanding even within the Magic Kingdom, had likely been optimum as raw material.

The “vessels” for the “Demons of Deadly Sin” that the twins made had been seven in number—that’s what she had always thought.

But the truth was different.

The “vessels” they created had been no more than six in number. And there were only six “Demons”. The one remaining hadn’t been a demon, but Eve’s spirit itself. Had the twins noticed that?—Or, while knowing, had they overlooked it?

<Purpose? –I don’t have one. Conversely let me ask, what about you? For what reason have you been living? To collect the vessels of deadly sin? …No. That’s nothing but a reason after the fact.>

Having no purpose—perhaps Eve’s words weren’t a lie. Each time she reincarnated she lost her memories, and the faint trace of her subconscious had driven those personalities mad, causing incidents to occur in that time, in that place.

And she would pursue the looks of her beloved, Adam, which would sometimes repeat in other people. It was a warped manner of doing things inconceivable to the average person.

<Nevertheless, it seems you’ve figured out everything, Elluka. Well done. I should give you some sort of present as a prize for it. What do you want? Poison? Or poison? Or perhaps poison? HAHAHAHAHAHA!>

Eve was crazy. She had been broken a long time ago. –A very long time before.

She had spent so much time through mere habit, without a purpose. Though her origins were different from the other demons, perhaps she was the “Demon of Sloth” after all.

“Let’s end this already.”

Elluka put her strength into the hand holding Eve’s neck.

“I didn’t think that the destruction of the Magic Kingdom was inevitable, but a great deal of time has passed since then. Humanity has once again flourished by their own power. It’s come to where there’s no longer any need for them anymore; sorcerers, gods…and demons.”

<Then you should die out now too, Elluka>

“I’ll accept that when the time comes. But before that—I’ll erase your kind from this world, until none remain.”

<Oh please do. You plan to destroy me by wringing my neck like this? It’s futile. Even if my doll body dies, I’ll just find a new vessel. Glass, sword, or even human; all would work. Nobody has the means to destroy us–>

“—Onorhc Yrots,” Elluka recited a short spell.

In that moment, her body and Eve’s were both enveloped in a pale, pink light.

<–! That’s–>

“Yes. You guessed it…The ‘Swap Technique’.”

<You intend to switch bodies? What meaning would that–>

“I won’t be switching. Rather, you—your soul, is going to be coming into me. I will absorb you…I’ll dissolve you completely inside myself.”

<There’s…no way…you can do that.>

“I won’t know unless I try. …I’m going to pay you back for so harshly toying with me until now. Even if–even if I lose myself—“

<Stop…you damn…villain…Everything’s been your fault to begin with! If you hadn’t destroyed Levianta…>

“It’s true, isn’t it?…If you’re the ‘Original Sinner’, I’m sure I’m the same. No, not just us. The people of the magic kingdom—Kiril, Irina, everyone…So, Eve. Let’s become one together. Become one with m—”

<S…stop…>

“I will accept your gift…with thanks…yes…I’ll accept you yourself!”

.

The quiet battle had been unfurled.

Inside the small hut where there was no noise, the doll and the sorceress merely stared at each other.

As much as ten minutes passed, and when the pink light engulfed the entire hut–

.

The fight was over.
