Survivors found in Toragay—Sir Puerick Rogzé Announces Research into Cause

It’s been confirmed that on November 15th surviving citizens were found in the town of Toragay, where it was thought all residents had perished to plague.

There are seventy two survivors. They had allegedly fled to the basement of the former Blankenheim Manor and waited out the illness.

Presently, the survivors are all receiving treatment at a hospital in Aceid.

Lucifenian pharmaceutical specialist Sir Puerick Rogzé said recently that he is working on studying the cause and developing a cure for this illness.

According to him, “I already have a lead”.

Toragay’s illness once seized Elphegort with anxiety and terror.

We can only wait for the invention of the new medicine for curing it.

.

Lady Aai To Be New Commander of the Freezis Foundation

Lady Aai Freezis, who has long served as proxy leader to the foundation, has been selected as the inheritor to foundation commander Shaw Freezis, who passed recently.

Lady Aai is the granddaughter of the late Shaw’s little sister, and with her abilities has contributed to the expansion of the foundation such as in the development of the new continent.

Her vice commanders have been chosen to be Sirs Nob Nicole and Bruno Marlon.

.

Serial Killings in Lucifenia—Is “Fifth, Pierrot” Announcing Further Crimes?

A series of killings targeting prostitutes has emerged in the town of Rolled in the Republic of Lucifenia.

The victims are already five in number, and unease has spread even to the neighboring country of Elphegort.

A letter sent to the Saintes Fauraux Newspaper of Lucifenia has become a current focus point regarding this matter.

The letter is signed by a “Fifth, Pierrot”, claiming ownership for the killings and declaring that these killings will continue a ways further yet.

It still hasn’t been determined that this letter is from the genuine criminal, however the World Police—

[the rest is omitted]
