The main base of operations for the Yarera Zusco Conglomerate was in Aceid, the capital of the country of Elphegort to the south of Holy Levianta.

Gallerian and Kayo—that is, Ma—visited its main headquarters in order to meet with Gusuma Yarera, Mira’s older brother and also the vice-president of the company that served as the core of the conglomerate.

“—As you requested, I’ve cleared the place of people. There shouldn’t be anyone who knows that you two are meeting with me here…Outside of my sister.”

Gusuma looked a touch displeased as he spoke to them, a cigarette clamped in his mouth. He was a big man with an unshaven face, sitting solidly in a ridiculously large chair.
“So, the screenwriter that was found innocent, and a judge who died in an accident in a snow field. Had no idea I’d be meeting with two people who’ve made front page news like this.”

To that Ma smiled and replied, “I’m surprised too. That the vice-president of the supreme Yarera Zusco Conglomerate looks like this much of a brigand.”

“A brigand, huh? Heh heh, I get that a lot. The ancestral head of the Yarera family was once a pirate, so I’m told. I take it as a compliment—So, whaddya want?”

Gallerian took a step forward.

“I wish to charge Loki Freezis for his crimes. I want to take everything he has done behind the scenes up until now and bring it out into the light of day—For that I would like your assistance.”

“Loki, eh…That cockroach that’s always hanging around my little sister. I had heard some unsavory rumors—How would you have me help you?”

Ma gestured by making a circle with her fingers, and then appealed to Gusuma. “Money, of course. …A provision of funds. We’ll need to hand more money to the head judge than the Freezis Conglomerate in order to win the trial.”

“So it’s a battle of bribes then. If that means driving Loki away from my sister and striking a blow against the hated Freezis Conglomerate, that doesn’t sound too shabby for me…However.” Gusuma crossed his arms and leaned back further in his chair. “If you’re going up against the Freezises, you’ll need a substantial amount of capital. It’ll be tricky for me to move that kind of money by myself. I would need to get permission from Mom—er, sorry—the president.”

“Can’t you persuade her, given that you’re the vice-president?”

Gusuma’s expression tightened in response to Gallerian’s inquiry.

“…The president is very moderate, politically. It’s her policy not to make waves with the Freezises as much as she can. Changing her mind on that—won’t be so straightforward.”

Ma gazed at Gusuma as he was deep in thought, and then suddenly cut in with, “—As I recall, the president has someone that she dotes upon like a son.”

“…Woman. You’re unusually well informed.”

“You come to catch a lot of gossip when you’re looking for content for screenplays.”

“…When the president was young, she had someone that she loved a great deal. In the end she and the man were never joined, and she married someone else—that someone being mine and Mira’s father…Apparently, even after marrying, the president continued to harbor affection for this other man.”

“Oh yes. The romance of a young woman of the Yarera Zusco Conglomerate. Exceptional material for the plot of a story.”

“—Well, the man she didn’t get with ended up marrying some other woman and had a child with her, but a little while later the airship that the whole family was riding on crashed. The child somehow managed to cling to life, but his parents died instantly. Worse, this ship was one developed by a subsidiary company of the Yarera Zusco Conglomerate. …I have never seen the president look so crushed, either before or since.”

“So she took in the surviving son?”

“It wasn’t an official adoption. There are a lot of things that made it complicated for her as the head of a large conglomerate. Even so, she doted on him tremendously. And I wound up getting along with him as though we were brothers. …But at some point he started getting deranged.”

Gallerian had been silently listening to their conversation to this point, but then suddenly lit up, as though having recalled something. “I see—you mean ‘Jorm Zusco’!”

“Very good, judge. I guess you would know that name. –That’s correct. He’s currently in prison, having received a death penalty verdict.”

“A serial murderer of young women…A violent offender who’s slaughtered over ten people. Publicly there’s no connection between him and the Yarera Zusco Conglomerate—”

“It was our only way of protecting the conglomerate. But the president is always worrying about him. Even if he wound up a murderer, to him she is just her precious son…That’s why.”

Ma approached Gusuma, and put a hand on his enormous shoulder.

Then she interjected, “We will release Jorm Zusco—As a condition, the president will grant us the funds we need.”

The person who looked the most shocked at that, moreso than Gusuma, was Gallerian.

“Don’t be absurd, Ma! Jorm is a serial killer! We can’t just let a man like that loose on the world—"

“My my. Calm yourself, Gallerian. Despite all your protestations this is our only option, seeing as how we have no alternatives.”
“But…It’s easy to say we’ll release him, but there’s no way we’d get clearance for that.”

“By ordinary means, sure…But if we have ‘special permit’ from the Dark Star Bureau director it’ll be a different story.”

“—That’s only supposed to be given out in times when we’re undertaking special plea bargains.”

“Indeed. That’s why we need even more money for Hanma’s bribe. But if it means saving the life of her beloved ‘son’—the president would gladly pay it, wouldn’t she?”

“…” Gusuma had been glaring at Ma through their conversation, but then his expression suddenly relaxed, and he boomed with laughter. “Ha ha ha! What a frightening woman you are. But…I kinda like it. How about it, wanna be my gal? You’d be the wife of the future president.”

“Sorry, but I’m not that fond of bears. I’ll have to decline.”

“I see. Disappointing, but nothing for it—Alright. I will tell the president of your conditions.”

“Don’t forget. We can only release Jorm after everything is over. So—I want a ‘deposit’ immediately up front. If Jorm is executed early, then we’ll lose everything. We’ll need to bribe Hanma to make a stay of execution.”

“Got it…Wait just a minute.”

Gusuma opened a drawer of the desk in front of him, took out a bar of gold, and tossed it to Ma.

“Is this enough?”
“That’s plenty. Thanks.”

Ma hurriedly shoved the bar into her pocket.

.

After leaving the headquarters, Gallerian started speaking to Ma.

“That lump of gold…How do you plan to hand that to the director?”

“You still shouldn’t meet up with Hanma. And it’d be unwise for me of all people to go to the Dark Star Bureau…I’ll have Hel take care of it.”

“Hel Jaakko…That haughty daughter of the historian Heaven.”

“On the surface, she works as a clerk at the Freezis Conglomerate. It won’t be that difficult for her to get into the Dark Star Bureau under some pretext of it being for her job or something. We’ll just have to take care that she doesn’t run into Loki.”

“Why is she willing to betray the conglomerate despite being one of their clerks?”

“It is precisely because she works there. She has seen much of the Freezis’ dirty laundry with her own eyes. She has a very strong sense of justice. And that in itself is why she was unable to bear being involved so considerably in their work. So…she joined with Bruno.”

“Bruno Zero. Is that Maistian your leader?”

Ma nodded.

“He is.”

“I was sure that you were the leader.”
“I’m just a collaborator. Like you. I’m going along with their plan because it aligns with my own interests.”

“How did you come to meet them?”

“This case wasn’t the start of it. …We’re old acquaintances, Bruno and I.”

“…That doesn’t really answer my question.”

“Men shouldn’t pry into every single detail. …Come, let’s move quickly. We mustn’t be seen.”

The two of them climbed into Ma’s automobile that she had parked in a back alley behind the headquarters.

.

Four days later, the Dark Star Bureau announced a stay of execution for the convicted murderer Jorm Zusco.

The reason being that “some new information had been found regarding the crimes he committed”.
