“Congratulations on your return to work, and your marriage, Gallerian,” Bruno said with a grin, having visited Gallerian’s home to pass on his remarks.

“Ah, thank you, Bruno,” Gallerian replied, also smiling.

Bruno sat down on the sofa with Gallerian’s encouragement, looking around the room and raising his voice in admiration. “What a stately mansion. It must be far more comfortable than living in that hole in the ground.”

“Mira’s family paid for most of it. There’s been a lot of gossip down at the Dark Star Bureau that I married her for her money.”

“Well, that’s half true isn’t it?”

“Stop it, ha ha ha.”

As they joked around, Gallerian popped the cork out of a wine bottle.

“You drink, don’t you Bruno?”

“Yeah—do you not?”

“I’m still not of legal age.”
“You’re eighteen—that’s plenty old enough.”

“Well, in either case I do have work tomorrow. I’ll have to refrain for now.”

Gallerian poured wine into Bruno’s glass, and then took some orange juice for himself.

“—Cheers.”

The two of them quietly clinked their glasses.

“…Whatever happens, I’m glad this all turned out well,” Gallerian murmured, appearing deeply moved.

“What do you plan to do now?” Bruno asked after taking a sip of his wine.

“—Right. I’ve returned to the Dark Star Bureau, but nothing’s really changed. I’ve only gone back to where I was before. From here on out I will aim for advancing even further through the ranks; I must make progress towards my true goal.”

“Your true goal?”

“The reason I originally went to see Ma was to ask for her help in carrying out proper witch trials.”

“…Ah, that’s right.”

“It’s time to shift it into practice. A revolution of the witch trials. By obtaining correct information on magic from Ma, I’ll make it so that innocent people won’t have to be executed. And—” Gallerian clenched his fist, as though filling it with determination. “—I think, eventually, we won’t have witch trials at all.”

“…So that there will be no more victims like your mother?”

“Yes. Of course I won’t deny that. Ever since I was a child I was always hearing my father complain about how my mother was killed by a conspiracy. I guess that was how much he loved her. Before I knew it that functioned almost like brainwashing on my line of thinking, and I started to aim for being a judge as though it were the most natural thing in the world.”

“You believed there were no such thing as witches?”

Gallerian appeared to think for a moment on that question.

“That’s a difficult point. Now that I’ve seen Ma and this ‘Lunaca Labora’ with my own eyes. It’s possible that my mother—Elluka—was really a witch after all.”

“…”

“However. Even if she had been—I can’t help but get the feeling that there’s no relationship between witches and these changes to the world. If I can prove that, then there will be no more point to the witch trials. And maybe that could indirectly lead to saving the world, too.”

“…It’s a nice thought.”

“Of course, I have no intention of letting the Freezis Conglomerate off the hook. If what Ma told me about them interfering in my mother’s trial is true, then I want to prove that too.”

“That’ll be tricky. The trial itself happened over ten years ago, and Hanma is still the head of the Dark Star Burea. He may have supported you this time, but once it becomes about him—money isn’t going to cut it.”

“In any case I’ll need to fight against the Freezises. In the end, they pushed the entirety of the ‘human hunting’ crime on Loki.”
“The Freezises…Their stronghold is quite vast. Things went smoothly this time because Loki didn’t have much societal status yet, but he still has two older brothers left, and the commander—They’re not the kind you can deal with through straightforward means.”

The two of them drank up their glasses, and then gave a light sigh at the same time.

“But–defeating the Freezises is your deepest wish, isn’t it Bruno?”

“Well, true.”

“Then we’ll just have to do our best.”

“…Thank you, Gallerian.”

Gallerian responded to Bruno’s thanks with a light, embarrassed grin.

Bruno then looked around them again.

“…Come to think of it I haven’t seen Mira—your wife around.”

“She’s in the last month of her pregnancy. Right now she’s in the hospital.”

“I see. Well, it must be rough, a man here by himself. All the more because of how big this house is.”

“Sort of. Even when Mira comes back, she’ll be with the baby…I’ve been thinking that I should just hire some servants already.”

“That’s just perfect.” Bruno leaned closer to Gallerian, grinning. “I know a good servant. I’ll introduce you.”

“Oh, I’d appreciate that. What kind of person are they?”

“He’s a Maistian. About a little older than you, and pretty handsome too. He was also once a steward of the Freezis family.”
“You mean—”

“Me. Bruno Zero. Hire me.”

“…I’ve got no reason to refuse. But are you sure?”

“Truthfully, I’ve almost used up all my savings. And—I think now that I’d like to see up close what you accomplish from here on out.”

Gallerian filled Bruno’s glass full of wine once more, and he topped off his own glass with juice.

And then they both lifted the glasses high.

“—I might not look it, but I’m an exacting boss, Bruno.”

“I wouldn’t have it any other way, my lord.”

They exchanged another toast.

“I’ll have to properly greet your wife again when she returns,” Bruno said. Gallerian’s face clouded a little.

“Mira… I cheated Loki there, a little.”

“What’s this all of a sudden?”

“I hadn’t intended to go so far as to steal his girlfriend.”

“…You can’t be untrue to your heart if you love someone. You and Mira were both attracted to each other and fell in love. This is just the end result of that.”

But Gallerian’s expression didn’t lighten.
“—Is it, really?”

“Gallerian…”

“…No, it’s nothing. Forget what I just said. I wonder–what Loki is doing right now?”

“Meditating on his crimes in prison, I would think?”

“I hope so…It might be weird for me to say this, but thinking on it now I’m glad that he didn’t end up getting executed.”

“Because you’re—friends?”

“If he gets out of prison someday, the both of us will probably be old men by then…but I’d like it if we could start over as friends again—It’s probably impossible, but that’s just how I’ve been thinking.”

“…You really are too naïve.”

“You think so? Go on ahead and laugh.”

The two of them did briefly laugh together.

“—I think I shall excuse myself for today.” Bruno stood, staggering just a touch drunkenly.

“Alright. I’ll have the employment contract drawn up for you.”

“The sooner the better. I told you earlier, but I’m out of money.”

“In this world it’s always money, money is everything.”

“Do you dislike talking about money?”
“No—Actually I rather like it.”

“Right? Ha ha ha—Ah, yes. Before I go, do you mind if I use your phone for a minute?”

“Sure, I don’t mind. It’s in the study on the other end of the hall.”

“Thank you.” Bruno headed for the hallway as instructed, and then midway there turned to Gallerian and said, “…Could you not eavesdrop? It’s a secret conversation with my lover.”

“Ha ha, don’t worry. I won’t be able to hear you talk on the phone from in here.”

.

Once Bruno reached the study, he found the phone on the desk.

He picked up the receiver and spun the dial.

“—It’s me.”

He began to quietly speak to someone.

“…I see…All the preparations are made? …Yes, that’s fine…You two will take care of it alone as planned…The time to act is…tomorrow night.”

After putting down the receiver, Bruno softly murmured:

“…Sorry, Gallerian.”
