It’s been eight years since I escaped from prison.

.

I had been captured quite clumsily by the militia when I fought as the leader of the Dark Star Bureau’s PN forces during the Leviantan civil war. Of course, I hadn’t been a good fit for the leader of the unit to begin with, having little skill in warfare. Shiro and Feng had been our last ray of hope, and without them PN had no strength left to be able to win a fair fight against the militia.

I read the newspaper in the jail that the militia had set up. Written in there—was a report on Gallerian’s death. It said that his mansion had been set on fire.

They found his corpse in the burned-out wreckage.

He’d apparently been clutching a clockwork doll in his arms.

…Had that doll been clockwork? Frankly speaking I never got a good look at it. Especially after Gallerian became convinced that it was his daughter. I hadn’t been strong enough to face head-on the subject of my friend’s madness.

Perhaps in my weakness I had tried to escape reality by merely obeying him, without thinking for myself. Eventually, even my standards for good and evil had become blurred.

Perhaps if I had fought harder to persuade him, I could have made Gallerian get back on his feet. But by then his only reason for living had been Michelle. I—hadn’t wanted to think about what would happen to Gallerian once that had been stolen away from him.

And this was the final outcome of my renouncing thought and running away.
I am the source of every evil.

It’s as though I killed Gallerian myself.

.

In the six months that it took for the civil war to end, instead of being killed I spent my time in jail.

As a result of the civil war the USE allied government collapsed into uselessness, and the war with Asmodean and Beelzenia was also brought to an anticlimax by peace talks.

The USE allied forces won the civil war itself, and I was released from the clutches of the militia. Whereupon I was immediately put on trial for my misdeeds during my time in PN.

It was a trial with the new director of the restored Dark Star Bureau working as head judge. The judgment I was given was life imprisonment.

I figured then that I wouldn’t mind spending the rest of my days at the prison. I no longer held any interest in the world without Gallerian in it.

However. The moment that I saw a certain piece of news while there, I became unable to sit idly by.

–The theater that he’d built in the Millennium Tree Forest. There was a rumor that Gallerian’s legacy lay sleeping in it.

But all of the people who invade the forest looking for it would go missing without a trace.

I was familiar with the structure of the prison from my time in PN. I was the one who helped Jorm when he escaped, after all. And they had foolishly let be the vulnerabilities in their security from back then.

Once I had escaped from the prison, I headed for the Millennium Tree Forest on foot.
.

After Gallerian’s death, all of the money that he had saved up at the bank was apparently withdrawn by someone. The culprit wasn’t clear yet, but the main subject of the rumor was that all that money was in the theater.

I didn’t know if that was the truth, and I had no interest in it besides.

The issue was how the rumor got started, and the fact that all the people who went to the theater were going missing.

If someone was tricking people into entering the forest, then I figured, at the time, that I had to stop them. If the theater that Gallerian had brought into existence was being used in a manner that he hadn’t intended, then—I couldn’t just let that slide.

That was what I had imagined, but the people responsible turned out to be Lich and Eater. Now that they could no longer use Gallerian, the two of them were trying to revive their “master” into the world with their own particular methods. They were searching for people they could use as sacrifices for that purpose.

I had thought they could be reasoned with, but that was foolish of me. I was, sadly, captured by them, and made to face yet another “trial”.

Only, this wasn’t a normal trial like what would be held at the Dark Star Bureau. This was a “farce” conducted by the residents of the theater.

The doll that I had thought burned up in Gallerian’s mansion was there. She had become the director of the theater, and in this farce called a trial she declared me innocent.

When asked for her reasoning, she had explained thusly:
“I don’t think Papa would have had you executed, in my place.”

It’s pitiful to admit, but my heart was saved by those words, just a little bit.

.

That’s a cursed forest now. There’s nothing I can do about that.

Currently I have retuned to a place where the hands of the USE cannot reach—my homeland, the Republic of Maistia. There, I am working as aid to the president.

As I am a fugitive, I can’t be assigned to a position that stands out. I essentially work as a secret intelligence operative while serving as the president’s butler under a false name.

There is something else that I have to do.

One other being that Gallerian brought into existence—

Is now trying to destroy the world.

.

Elphegort, which has now fallen to rule by dictatorship, has fired a terrifying new weapon at Jakoku. And because of that, a section of Jakoku has been reduced to a land of ash.

The sight of that new weapon is now aimed at everywhere in the world, including Maistia.

I have to stop it.

“Come on…Let’s go.”
Spurring on my old body, I rode along to that place with my friends.

The headquarters of the Tasan party in Elphegort.

Inside were the top brass of the Tasan party…

And the criminal behind it all, Elphegort’s führer.

.

–I should not have allowed her to live.

I should have killed her the moment I met her in that forest as the “beastmaster”.

.

The führer of Elphegort, Nemesis.

Gallerian’s daughter that Ma had birthed in secret.
