–The gear’s light settled back down, and they were once again in the world of darkness.

It was a bizarre feeling, to vicariously experience his own memories.

“That’s right, things did happen that way,” Nyoze said with a nod—though that didn’t mean he completely comprehended all of it. “What do you mean by this? Those four queen candidates, the choice between them…I already know how that went, and who ultimately became queen. What does it matter at this stage–?”

“I told you it was important to go through this in order, didn’t I? I know it’s frustrating, but we must do it this way.”

“I just want to know the answers to my questions, Gammon.”

“That’s an easy thing to say. But…what will you do, once you know?”

“What will I do? …”

“Whether it’s for simple self-satisfaction, or else to derive some moral lesson for what’s to come…it won’t mean anything if you can’t get out of here first.”

That was true, but then how was he to get out?

Gammon still had yet to explain even that much.

This wasn’t something that had just started here and now. His brother had always been like this. He would always hide things inside his heart, and hardly ever reveal them to those around him. He wasn’t exactly an introvert, but whatever the case may be he was someone who disliked revealing everything.

This personality trait of his had become all the more striking around the time he became the head of the senate, and in the end he wound up distancing himself from all around him.

…Or maybe Gammon was like that because he chose to be. Their father had branded him with the stigma of being a “dropout”, having been born as one who was magically impotent.

Perhaps Gammon tried to protect himself by isolating, having been shunned his whole life by his peers.

Thinking on it now, when Nyoze was a child, innocently following him around without knowing anything of adult affairs, to him Gammon had been—

Stop it. This wasn’t the time to be dwelling in such memories.

“Alright. Then keep going for now…Will I be able to leave, then?”

“Yeah…Probably. I’m sure you’ll get the answers you seek.” Gammon took the next gear in hand. “This is Ly Li’s memory…You two used to spend a lot of time together, way back when.”

“When she was a kid, yeah.”

“I always thought you two would get married someday.”

“Knock it off. There’s way too much of an age gap.”

“You think so?”

“Besides, you remember the relationship between our two families, don’t you?”

“But she at least—Well, whatever. There’s no point in discussing such things now.”

“…True.”

Ly was dead.

She hadn’t died from the Catastrophe. She had fallen from a cliff, much earlier.

Nyoze gazed at the gear of her memory.

“It’s a little cracked.”

He could see that part of the gear was damaged, and had a clearly uneven shape.

“Memory isn’t so sturdy a thing. Particularly the memory of someone who suffered a sudden, accidental death like her.”

“Why are these memories gathered here like this in the first place? Is that…her soul?”

“No, the soul exists separately, and it is drawn up to heaven. Even if that weren’t the case, you don’t think it’s contradictory that your own memory gear is here despite you still being alive?”

“Well, you’ve got me there.”

“The collection of memories is one of the reasons this space was created…Though to be honest, I can’t explain it adequately myself. Madam Merry-Go-Round is the only one who knows all of it.”

“…”

“Anyway, this is Ly’s memory. By watching this, you will be able to take a glimpse at her truth…At the time, you investigated into her first.”

“I did. All four of them had their own suspicious points, but Ly was odd in the very fact of her having been selected as a queen candidate.”

Ly wasn’t magically impotent, but she hadn’t had nearly enough magical power to become queen. Nyoze had known that well, having watched over her since she was young.

So then how had she become a candidate? He could make a decent guess when considering her family, but he had needed to come up with definite proof.

“For her…It was relatively simple to come up with some authentic proof of the Ly family’s fraud. Irta Li had invested a large sum of money into Project “Ma”. He’d used that to have his daughter forced into candidacy.”

Ly would be ousted from being a queen candidate sooner or later. What he needed to consider was the timing of it, and having good political poise, as he didn’t want to have Irta making a big fuss about there being some “scheme” if he made a false move. There was also the issue of the funds he’d donated.

Though in the end…it all came to nothing, with her death.

“What did you think of Ly falling to her death at the time?” Gammon asked Nyoze.

“Well…I’m of two minds. There is a possibility of such an accident happening, but at the same time there were a lot of things about it that seemed impossible. Like why was she there alone at that cliff at night…I wondered if she’d actually been by herself after all.

“Though it was close to the palace, it was a place away from prying eyes. The view wasn’t particularly noteworthy. When I think of a reason she would have had to go out of her way to a place like that—

“It’s only natural to imagine that she wanted to talk to someone in secret. Ly could have been pushed from the cliff by this other person. …And if that were the case, then it becomes a question of who that person was.”

Ly could have been killed by Irta, or some assassin he’d sent out himself—that was the sort of thing that Nyoze had theorized at the time. Irta had to have realized that Ly was being investigated. If everything came to light, in a worst case scenario it would imperil the public reputation of the Li family.

So he could have tried to solve it by pre-emptively erasing Ly, the involved party—

But no matter how cold Irta was, could he really do that to his own daughter?

Nyoze didn’t know the true scope of Ly’s relationship with her father. But he had at least favored her enough to use trickery to install her as a candidate for queen.

In either case, he hadn’t been able to pursue Irta, lacking any concrete evidence.

“Maybe I’ll learn the truth of her death by watching this memory.”

Gammon nodded at Nyoze’s words. “Then shall we look?”

Ly’s gear began to glow.

The place it depicted was—once again, Alicegrad Castle.
