–Ly was irritated.

That wasn’t really because of the reception that she’d received.

In all honesty it was going pretty much as she’d imagined it would.

Just as Nyoze had said, her basic needs had been arranged for.

It wasn’t to the point of luxury or anything, but at the very least Ly had been treated with enough hospitality that she wasn’t dissatisfied with it, coming from a noble background as she did.

The room was big enough, she had a number of servants, the food took into account proper balance…

Well, I am a queen candidate after all. They wouldn’t treat someone who might become their ruler as though they were a criminal.

Contrary to her expectations she hadn’t been made to do anything unpleasant, or hooked up to any strange machines or anything.

As to their daily routine—they would wake at a pre-appointed time, take breakfast (it was a rule that all of the queen candidate would do so at the same place), then study for about an hour (most of it things that Ly already knew, such as preparing to be queen, the history of the country, etc), meeting with Nyoze (in the event that he was away on a different matter, it would be with someone else)—once all these were over, they were free to do as they liked.

They were permitted to go outside, but Ly hardly ever left the castle.

There wasn’t anything fun for her to do by going back to town. All she’d get to see going back home would be the vexing faces of her parents and siblings.

She much preferred to ease her boredom by picking out and reading the fascinating texts from the positively enormous collection of books in the castle’s book storage, or else work up a sweat doing some light practice where the soldiers trained (there were some armed automobiles in the training area too, but she hadn’t been able to get permission to drive one on account of how dangerous they were).

In fact, if Ly had been the only queen candidate, she would probably quite enjoy the life she was living here.

Yes, the only problem was…those three other people.

To express her feelings towards them succinctly and simply, they were all vulgar.

They were all people that normally Ly would never come into contact with, having been raised in the upper crust of society.

The young girl by the name of Irina was the least objectionable out of all of them. She exercised the bare minimum of courtesy and manners, but she lacked in composure.

Oh my, I must do this, I must do that…Always fluttering her arms and legs about like some nervous chicken. A lady must hold a more dignified bearing. If Ly had taken that kind of attitude at home, she’d be feeling the slap of her mother’s palm for certain.

Still, Irina was the youngest of all the queen candidates. So it was at least somewhat understandable for her.

But that older sister of hers…or was it sister-in-law? That former shrine maiden Elluka, she was a hopeless cause.

It was completely believable that she’d been kicked out of the temple.

First, there was hardly any time when she was sober. She gave the impression of always having a wine bottle in her hand.

From first daylight she would be puttering around inside the castle walls, drunk…Ly found herself strongly resolving to pass a law restricting the consumption of alcohol to the nighttime, if she became queen.

What was more, she never cleaned up anything. Her own room was filthy, which Ly didn’t mind because she never went in there (she hadn’t yet, and she wasn’t going to), but she couldn’t stand how Elluka left trash all over the hallways, the dining room, the great hall, and so forth. She felt bad for the extra work it made for the servants. They ought to make a law to have littering punished with a heavy fine.

However you sliced it, she was a slovenly woman.

Even more detestable was that Elluka apparently had a fiancée. Irina’s older brother.

To think that they made someone with a boyfriend a candidate for queen. Ly had once asked Nyoze if she really had the qualifications to be here, and he had replied:

“The conditions and qualifications for becoming queen…There are many of them, but almost all of it is a dead framework by this point.”

The project had failed so many times. So they had apparently decided to dispense with the more particular details.

It only mattered that they had strong magical talent…it only mattered that they could birth the “Twins of God”…

It was a degradation.

This country had begun to go hideously downhill.

They didn’t understand how much worse the situation would grow if someone of humble birth became the country’s ruler.

That was why they had picked even a prostitute as a queen candidate.

…Yes, that prostitute…Milky. It was repulsive to even breathe the same air as her. The way she only ever worried about men’s XXXX, her gaudy makeup, her stinking perfume, and her criminal record—everything about her was the very personification of disgust for Ly.

That the profession of selling one’s body even existed in this world…It wasn’t that Ly couldn’t comprehend it.

It was because she understood it that she found them so revolting.

The women who sold themselves, and the men who bought them, both.

It was a bad state where this profession known as prostitution had deeply taken root in this country. The counter-society organization Apocalypse had secretly worked behind the scenes to promote it, and served as the source of its funding. It hadn’t abated after Apocalypse was destroyed, and even now there were women in bawdy outfits wandering the streets at night.

Ly also knew the reason why the peacekeeping forces did nothing to crack down on it.

It was because they had people in the upper echelon among these women’s clientele.

…Including Ly’s own father.

Truthfully, Ly didn’t know how much actual political influence the queen really had.

Whether she was just a simple figurehead, or if she held some authority.

Whatever the case, if she wanted to improve this country—Ly needed more power.

.

If she didn’t become queen, Ly would be—a mere “dropout”.
