To greater and lesser degrees, everyone who lived in this country received the benefit of some sort of magical machine.

Thanks to these devices, which were operated by pouring magic into them, quality of life inside the magic kingdom was maintained at a much higher standard compared to that of other countries.

It was for that reason that the nature of magical ability was such an important status to the citizenry, and that measuring it was obligated by law.

There were several varieties of device for that measurement, but the “Egg” currently before Ly and the others was the newest and most professional model out there—there was only one in the whole country.

“It used to take much longer and involve more labor to perform a measurement of someone’s exact magical ability. But this ‘Egg’ is different. All you need to do is stand inside it for a few minutes. Then the machine will do all the rest on its own.”

Irina had been listening to the priest’s explanation with a somewhat meek countenance, but as she gazed up at the enormous, egg-shaped device she asked, “Will it…hurt?”

At that, the priest chuckled and replied, “Not at all. Your body will feel hardly any stimulation at all, much less pain. Only, it will give off a relatively intense light, so I’d ask that you keep your eyes closed if it’s too blinding for you.”

Milky glanced around at the faces of the other people that were in the room and asked the priest, taking on a dissatisfied attitude, “Are you all the only ones present for the measurement? Where’s the project head?”

“Senator Nyoze isn’t very well versed on magical devices such as this…And he has other business to deal with, so he is just going to hear about the measurement results later on.”

“I don’t mean that. He’s not the one I’m asking about.”

“…?”

“Seth. Seth Twiright. How come he hasn’t once showed himself to any of us?”

“…Doctor Seth has taken ill. For that reason he is at present convalescing in his room inside the LeviaBehemo temple.”

“Oh my, I see. Then I’ll go visit to extend my sympathies.”

“You may not.”

“Why!?”

“The queen candidates are not permitted to enter the temple—Especially you.”

Upon hearing that, Milky grew enraged. “And what is that supposed to mean!?”

“The head of the senate expressly forbid it considering your prior record.”

“…That’s utterly incoherent. We’ve all been going in there to perform the ‘queen trial’. So why—”

“Then let me supplement my words. You are not permitted to enter the temple as long as it’s not strictly necessary.”

“But—”

Finally, having listened to the argument between Milky and the priest from the side, Ly’s irritation reached its peak.

“Hey. What does it matter if the project head is here or not? I want to get this measurement over with as soon as possible so I can go rest in my room.”

“…Tch.”

Milky clicked her tongue and drew back.

After that they carried out the magical ability measurement with barely a hitch. Once Irina, Elluka, and Milky had finished their examination in order, Ly was the last to enter the “Egg”.

The band of light brushed over her body. Just as the priest had said, she could barely feel a thing.

…They say that the ‘legacy pieces’ we unearthed long ago are used as magical machines. But this ‘Egg’…isn’t like that. This is something someone invented…maybe that Seth Twiright…

Their magical machines would surely continue to advance further still.

And through that, the importance placed on magical ability in this country would grow higher yet.

“—Alright, we’re all done. Thank you for your time.”

Ly was invited back outside the machine by the priest.

“When will the measurement results come out?” she asked him.

“Right away. But we won’t be revealing the results to any of you.”

“Huh? Why?”

“We don’t want the particulars of your magical ability to get leaked to the public once one of you becomes queen. The measurement results will only be used for the purpose of review, and will be torn up and discarded afterwards.”

“…I see. Well then, I guess that’s just how it goes.”

The queen had to be a being engulfed in riddles and mystery. She didn’t know who had decided that, but it was the way things were.
