The gear’s memory came to an abrupt end.

“…Hey hey! That didn’t show me the most crucial scene,” Nyoze said to Gammon, not hiding the disappointment on his face.

“It looks that way. It’s unfortunate…but there are things you learned from it, nonetheless,” Gammon replied, his own expression one of calm.

“Things I learned? I suppose so. Apparently Ly was crazy about you.”

“Not that. …What I mean to say is—”

“I’m joking. She wasn’t able to see the face of the culprit, but based on the general flow of things before and after I can make a decent guess—That’s what you meant, right?”

“Mhm. …So then, what do you think?”

“In the end, Ly was planning to kill the other candidates. And for her first target, she picked Milky. However…she had the tables turned on her, and was killed instead.”

Nyoze thought it was only natural to make that assumption.

…And then there was Ly’s private thoughts that he’d been able to read from the memory just then.

Of course it had an impact on him. But on the other hand, it hadn’t been that surprising.

She wasn’t a little girl anymore. And having been raised under a man like Irta, it certainly wasn’t all that unusual that she’d come to have that way of thinking.

To achieve her goal by any means necessary…Even if it was just, even if it was evil.

“As to whether Milky killed Ly or not—” Gammon took the next gear in hand. “—You should be able to learn that by watching this. Milky’s memory.”

“…She was the biggest problem child among all of the candidates. In many ways.”

“…”

“I still don’t know why the senate head—or rather, you—allowed Milky to enter the candidacy.”

“Whatever her past was, it didn’t change the fact that she had the qualifications to be queen. Since she cleared the ‘queen trial’.”

“That’s what you said during the senate meeting about it. And you quarreled with the senators who opposed you.”

“Would you like to continue that debate here and now?”

“No, it’s fine. Let’s move on. There’s still a lot more that I want to know.”

Gammon nodded, and set the gear turning—
