Because of this, I fear when the “sin” problem is resolved, I would eventually have to turn back into a
spirit; I do not know when we have to part ways. Will Clarith’s heart be able to withstand it?

(No, I cannot use Clarith as an excuse. But deep in my heart… I don’t want to leave Clarith)

Suddenly, a door opened with a crunch. A young Elphegort child came in. I do not know if it has
something to do with the developmental stage but his two front teeth made him look like a mouse.

“This child is?”

“It’s rare for you to come across. Have a chat with him. His parents were businessmen but they died
from Gula disease. He is now a poor orphan”

Gula disease… Clarith’s mother also died from it.

The lady waved and invited the juvenile. Looking at him, I could not help but think of Clarith; he had sad
eyes. I do not know what to do…

“I believe this is our first meeting. My name is Michaela”

“……How do you do?”

“Do you like to sing?”

“……Well, my mother would often sing”

“What song?”

“’South North Story’…”

I know that song. This is one of the songs I learned from my teacher.

“Is that so…. Listen, for children to experience the pain of parting with their beloved… is painful.
However, separation is part of our lives. After the parting, you will encounter new people that can heal
your wound. Occasionally, you will think of your parents and you will not help but cry. But if you sing…
sing the song your mother would often sing to you, you will feel better. Your heart will not feel the
absence of your parents and you would feel that they are just right beside you”

“……Hmm”

I took a deep breath, preparing myself to let out my voice. At this time, the owner’s wife stopped me.
