?????????//

“Ha ha ha, anyway, it’s incredible”

Allen and I had the same duty.

Although we have different masters, he and I are servants. While riding the carriage, we talked about a
lot of things. It was a rare opportunity to talk to a Lucifenian juvenile; I was very happy with our
conversation.

Sure enough, the rumors about Lucifenia’s decline and the princess Riliane were true. However, when
we were talking about her, Allen doesn’t seem to have a disgusted tone. Instead, he was like an unruly
brother to her, full of helpless feelings.

“You look very happy. Although this might be a bit rude, but do you adore the princess?”

“How you should I say this. This may be a bit too arrogant coming from a mere servant, but I want to
protect the princess”

He said in disturbing but very prideful expression. To protect someone--- I can’t help but think of
Clarith.

Although I want to talk more, but the Freesis Mansion is already looming on the horizon. When Allen
found out, he had regretful expression.

When we dismounted from the carriage, there were two mean looking men standing in front of the
gate. While they stared at us, they didn’t seem to have any intentions on confronting us. I only
pretended to not noticed while Allen and I entered the residence.

“Bruno, may we ask something?”

I asked Bruno the butler. Allen stepped forward and had awe-inspiring look and said:

“I am Allen Avadonnia, a messenger sent by Princess Rilliane of Lucifenia. I was sent here to discuss
some matters with merchant Keel Freesis”

“I’m sorry. Unfortunately, Mr. Freesis is attending to another guest. For the mean time, would you like
to wait in a different room?”

“OK, no problem”

Allen followed Bruno to the waiting room.
