A person with purple hair and beautiful face appeared. At first, I thought he was a woman but I was well
from his actions that he was a man.

When he went out of the room, two men greeted him.

“Tough luck, Gast”

“Yarera, Zasuko, I thought I told both of you to wait outside?”

The purple haired man was called Gast. He seems to have an unpleasant expression when his order was
ignored. I listened carefully to their conversation.

“Ha ha ha, it was a pain in the ass waiting for you. So, how did it go…”

“He did not agree”

“Then how about the plan to steal it?”

“For now, it is not necessary to do so. However, the “Venom Sword” originally belonged to my family.
There are still ways to get it back”

“Indeed, we must rely on the leader of the mercenary group, Gast Venom!”

“Let’s head back”

Gast left with the two men.

(He also wanted the “Venom Sword”?... Why?)

✿Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Freesis Mansion • Garden” ~

Late at night, I quietly left the servant room alone and headed for the garden in which not long ago,
Clarith and I were chatting about the inn.

On my right hand, I was holding the “amazing green onion” Gumillia gave me, waving it up and down. At
first, it gave off a faint glow but after some time, it began to shine a dazzling light.

I set the root on the ground. The glowing green onion’s root has exceptional hardness, making it easy to
set unto the soft soil. The green onion suddenly said:

“Michaela, can you hear me?”

After a brief silence, a nostalgic voice was accompanied with noise.
