“Remember to contact me if an unexpected situation occurs. You don’t have to worry about a thing,
Michaela. Just stay put and relax”

The voice was suddenly interrupted.

In the next six months, Gumillia will be able to seal away the demon inside Princess Rilliane. After that, I
will have to depart with everyone… and with Clarith too.

In the meantime, all I have to do is relax and enjoy the peaceful days I have left.

However, the very next day.

Because of Princess Rilliane’s wrath, the situation has come to its worst case scenario… And I didn’t
know anything about it.

✿Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Freesis Mansion” ~

It seems two messengers of Lucifenia came to Mr. Keel’s house. It wasn’t Allen but a woman with
blonde, pig-tailed hair.

After she left, Mr. Keel summoned me. When I arrived at the door, Clarith, Gerda and Bruno were also
there.

“Did Mr. Keel call for all of us?”

Clarith and Gerda had confused expressions. Only Bruno knows the story behind it. When he saw me,
he had a bitter expression.

Bruno mentioned that Mr. Keel and the messengers were talking about us. So we ought to know about
it. However, only veteran servants like Bruno and Gerda should know. Why are Clarith and I also
called?

After we knocked, we entered the room. Inside, Mr. Keel was holding unto is son while his wife was
beside him. The two of them seems to have unusual expressions on their faces.

“Things have become difficult”

Mr. Keel said as an opening.

“Bruno, please explain the situation”

He has served the Freesis Mansion for years. He took a step forward and told us the whole story.
