“Five days ago, we received the news that the King of Marlon, Kyle has been placed under house arrest.
As he prepared to go to Elphegort, Queen Dowager Prim Marlon chained him up and imprisoned him”

Bruno’s tone had the slightest emotion. He continued to mechanically speak:

“His Highness Kyle disapproved of his engagement to Princess Rilliane of Lucifenia. His reason was
because he had a sweet heart living in Elphegort. It was unclear who it was”

Kyle’s lover is in Elphegort? Then…

Bruno gazed on me and said:

“Mr. Keel has speculated Michaela to be his Highness Kyle’s sweet heart”

“But……”

Impossible. Is what I thought but I then remembered Kyle’s remarks when he left. He didn’t say he
would abandon his throne and country and run away right? He would if I agreed… Is he really that
despereate?!

The time we converse was very short. Don’t tell me he would give up everything just to go out with
me? I don’t understand. Human love is really difficult for me to understand. One will not be able to
casually know what the other person would do.

“That guy… Kyle is a fool”

Kyle said while groaning.

“I can’t believe he would do such a thing. He would rebel against his mother for such trivial matters. For
him to against his mother’s will of getting engaged to Lucifenia’s Princess… He is such a spoiled brat! He
didn’t even consider the consequences of his actions to those around him”

Mr. Keel slammed the table with both his hands. The loud sound made Clarith jump out of fright. Mrs.
Freeis coaxed her son and gently patted his head.

“However, that guy wouldn’t be foolish enough to the point where people… what would happen then?”

Indeed, for him to “give up” everything is impossible. He would just give up and complain. He wouldn’t
do anything…

“Michaela, you have caused much confusion upon this family”

Mrs. Freesis stared at my direction. Am I really the reason?
