The forest animals, plants and people living in the forest, Eldoh-san must be worried about them.

Although I tried using the “Amazing Green Onion” to contact Elluka, I didn’t get any response.

So far, I haven’t tried to “pray” to God because I was an existence close to God and there was no point
in praying. However, this time, I wanted to pray to God and wish for God’s safety. While this is an
extremely contradicting behavior, I have no choice but to pray. It has already a year and half since I
became human and I was able to adapt human behavior. I deprecated myself for not being able to do
anything.

Beside me was Clarith who was also praying.

“God lives and blesses The Millenium Tree Forest”

She said. Of course, I know that because he actually exists in the forest. However, I cannot tell her that.

No, it is not necessary. My heart is already fully determined.

A red sky set by fire can be seen in the horizon. It was covering the whole of the forest but clouds
suddenly gathered together. They then scattered heavy rain, extinguishing the fire.

It was already late at night. Because of my worry for the forest, I could not sleep. Suddenly, the
“Amazing Green Onion” started flashing. I hurriedly grabbed the green onion and ran for the garden.

“Michaela, can you hear me? Answer me! Michaela!”

I heard Elluka’s voice from the green onion. She seems to be panicking.

“Yes! I hear you Elluka! What’s happening?”

“I’m sorry I couldn’t contact you immediately Michaela. It’s total chaos here. You have to get out of
your current place… No, you have to escape Elphegort!”

“What do you mean?”

“Lucifenia is going to attack Elphegort! Step by step, my “Purple” dreams are becoming reality!”

The situation is getting worse. We only need six more months to seal the demon!

“Why… How did this happen?!”
