“I also have important people to protect. I want to protect that person and to survive as a human”

I did not ask who it was. Since she didn’t ask me, I was in no position to ask her. And even if I asked, I
would vaguely know who it is.

At this time, Elluka calmed down and her voice came through the onion again.

“Oh, you two are such unfaithful people… Eldoh will be very disappointed”

“Well… then I should make an offer”

“Well, back to the current situation. Do you have some ways to escape?”

I told them the hideout Mr. Keel told me.

“I know that place. After everything has calmed down, we will meet you there. Michaela… don’t die”

Before I could answer, I did not hear any voice coming from the onion. The time has come.

I once again had to do it; to tell them “Thank you”

✿Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Freesis Mansion”

The next day, sure enough it was as Elluka said; Lucifenia has started to invade Elphegort. Because nearly
half of the forest was burned down, Lucifenia were easily able to rush, launching a surprise attack on
Elphegort’s army.

In the living room of the mansion, including the servants, the whole family has gathered. Many of us has
already fled while the forest was being burned down. Unexpectedly, Lucifenia was able to invade more
rapidly. Prior to escape, the whole of Aceid is already surrounded.

At this point, Mr. Keel has already fled and so as the other servants. It was his idea; if we are fewer in
numbers, the less chance of us getting found. He also proposed that I should escape from Aceid.

“For as long as the resistance can hold, we will not die.”

I am the only Elphegortean among the servants. But as Mr. Keel said, there is no guarantee that Lucifenia
will not kill non-Elphegorteans.

“But… I don’t want to leave.”

“Michaela, we understand your feelings, but there is no other way. If you stay here, the others might get
harmed as well. It would be best if you escape from Lucifenia”
