✿Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Millennium Tree Forest”

We arrived at our destination. I missed the Millennium Tree Forest.

Shortly after we entered the forest, Ein was able to catch up. It was much earlier than expected. We
failed to hide to surprise him.

“How did you do it? There were so many soldiers!”

“I had my own experiences when it comes to horseback. Although horseback is a way of increasing
speed and momentum but if you are unable to control its flexible rotary and the horse becomes violent,
it would be dangerous to ride on it…… in other words; I cut off the horse’s tendons.”

Ein proudly said. He looks very reliable right now.

While walking, Ein gave us a short briefing of the situation. Yatski Village was attacked and Ein, along
with some troops, defended but was overwhelmed. The remaining soldiers fled to the forest and
dispersed. I’m glad to be alive.

“I was surprised when I saw the two of you…… fortunately, swordsmanship school came in handy. I
was finally able to protect someone…”

Suddenly, we heard a loud noise. It seems it wasn’t far away. A roar came as it came from leaf to leaf; it
sounds like a lot of people.

“They called for reinforcements…”

“It’s no use trying to hide. Come out!”

It was the voice of the man before. It was no use trying to run because they would just find us. Clarith
stared at Ein and made up some kind of determination.

“Michaela, lend me your coat.”

Clarith said with firm eyes. As I gazed at her eyes, I was finally aware of her true intentions.

“No… you can’t…”

“I’ll distract those soldiers while Michaela make a run for it. It’s okay, if they take off the cloak, they
wouldn’t do anything to me because their goal are green-haired women; they wouldn’t kill a white
haired one!”

“What the hell are you thinking Clarith?!”

“Absolutely not! I absolutely cannot afford to lose you! I, I, I…!”
