“Clarith…? Ein…?”

There was blood stain on the floor. Who got hurt?

“Clarith! Ein! Where are you?!”

I searched the room; there was no else around. I opened the door and climbed up the wall ladder.
When I reached the top, there was nobody but I found a familiar silhouette nearby.

“……Ein!”

It was Ein. I hugged him but then found out he was not breathing. He was suffering from an arrow
wound and there was a sword beside him. He must have been protecting Clarith.

When we left the village for the Freesis Mansion, Ein left and joined the army. He said he wanted to
protect someone. I didn’t immediately understand but now I do… Ein was protecting Clarith.

“I’m sorry… I’m sorry… Ein…”

I buried Ein’s body under a tree and I placed his sword above it instead of using a tomb stone as future
burial mark. I just hope someone would find him buried here.

I went back inside the well and searched the room. Thankfully, there was food, enough to sustain for a
long period of time.

I was waiting for Clarith. Surely she will come. Until she comes, I’ll be waiting.

After a few days, the door suddenly opened.

At that moment, I couldn’t help but look forward to seeing Clarith while also worrying not to be found
by Lucifenian soldiers.

However, the one standing at the door wasn’t Clarith or a Lucifenian soldier but a blonde boy.

“Ah… Allen! What are you doing here…?”

“Michaela! I’m glad you’re doing fine”

Rilliane wanted Mr. Keel arrested. Mr. Keel was currently imprisoned in Lucifenia’s basement but the
servants seems to have successfully escaped. Mr. Keel has nothing with him right now.

Allen seems to be on our side because he told me the current situation.
