♣ Yukina ~In the Former Lucifenia Territory, “Town of Retasan/Fortress Gate”~

It wasn’t very far from the inn to the fortress gate.
After we were clear of the road of stalls, bustling since that morning, that
big iron door came into my line of vision.

A soldier standing upright next to the door immediately
saluted upon noticing Lily, and the other one followed suit.

“The girl’s going through. Open the gate.”

“Yes sir!”

One of the soldiers turned an iron crank to the left of
the gate, and it gradually began to open. After that I would be able to see the
road to Beelzenia beyond it. Or so I thought–unfortunately it seemed my
expectations hadn’t been accurate. Once the door had opened all the way, it was
still blocked off by a wooden slab.

This time the other soldier began to turn a crank on the
right side, and the wooden slab began to incline further in time with his
motions. When I looked more closely I was able to determine that there were
chains connected to the upper side of the slab, and that there was a very deep
moat on the other side of the door and walls.

“Hurry up!”

“Yes sir!”

Lily pressed the soldiers to go faster. I felt that was a
little unusual. What was she so impatient over?

“Miss Lily, is it alright if I ask you
something?”

“…? What is it?”

“Are you trying to run me out of the country?”

“Huh!? …Ah, sorry. That’s not why I’m doing all
this. The upper brass have done something a little bothersome, that’s
all.”

“Something bothersome?”

“It seems the king himself has personally dispatched
some of his troops this way. They’re due to arrive this afternoon. Well, anyway
I thought it would be safer to get you sent off to Beelzenia while I can still do as I like. You don’t want
the country to find out your parentage, right?”

“Ah, so you’re doing this for my sake. Thank you
very much.”

I thanked her honestly, but I also wished that she had
explained that to me while we were walking. Seemed she had a tendency to prefer
action over brief explanations.

When the slab had become level with the ground it bridged
the gap between here and the other side of the moat, and I was able to go on
ahead. What I had thought was a mere slab had actually been a drawbridge.

“If you go along this road about half a day you
should be able to see Rucolebeni, territory of the Beelzenian Empire.

Word should have reached the checkpoints on the way
there, so

if you hand over this pass then you’ll be able to get through.”

So saying, she handed me a sheet of paper.

Rucolebeni! A place
related to the vampiress, Vanika!

I hadn’t been this excited since visiting the ruins of
the Venomania mansion in Asmodean. This time for sure I might be able to
approach the heart of the matter regarding these legends of the “Vessels
of Deadly Sin” that I’ve only been able to read about in books.

The “Vessels of Deadly Sin” were devilish tools
said to house “Seven Demons”. I didn’t know if such artifacts really
existed or not. But visiting places that were related to them was one of the
reasons for my current journey.

“Thank you for all of your help, Miss Lily.”

"You take care. War might break out between here and
Beelzenia. If you get caught up in it I want you to get out immediately. Got
it?“

"Yeah. I’ll bear that in mind.”

“You’re very level-headed, but even so you’re still
just a fourteen year old girl. Stick to what you’re able to do. Make sure you
don’t do anything rash. If you die I’ll have nightmares about it, and your
fans’ll be upset too.”

“Fans?”

“You’re a writer aren’t you? One of my subordinates
knows the name Yukina Freezis.”

It wasn’t that I’d been trying to hide the fact that I
was a writer. I just hadn’t said everything there was to say about me. I was
still nameless as an author, and I as yet was still severely lacking in merit.

Yes, the writings of a sheltered girl who knew nothing of
the world could never truly shake people’s hearts.

It was for that reason that I went on my journey.

To learn more of this world, and learn the truth.
