(……It seems to be a familiar place)

Where on earth am I? It got me thinking… ah! Come to think of it…

(Pant)

Pant was a wood cutter. A family of three, together with his wife and children, was living in the forest of
Eldoh-san. I used to sneak into his house, so that’s where I got this feeling. But Pant’s house is made of
wood and this place is a mixture of wood and stone.

(This is where humans live. But why am I here? I remembered being attacked by a large black bird while
flying…)

There is no such species of that kind of bird in Elphegort. There are also people who would stray into
the forest. Because by nature humans are militant, Eldoh-san would always warn us to be careful
especially when we encounter one.

(What bad luck… even the trauben was lost.)

For now, I must return to the forest as soon as possible. Eldoh-san and the other might be getting
worried about me.

(But… to get out of here, what should I do?)

If I was in my spirit form, I could easily pass through the wall, but I can’t do that as a robin. I
remembered Pant saying something about a “door” that helps you get in and out of a room. Is there
anything like that… Ah! Found it!

I tried to fly my way through the “door” but…

“Ouch!”

There was a sharp pain on my right wing. So to say, my right wing was attacked by that bird. What bad
luck this is…

I gazed upon my right wing, only to see cloth wrapped around it. White thin cloth was wrapped around
my whole body, restricting my movement. I desperately tried to loosen the restraint but to only break
loose a little, while the rest is still tightly wrapped around me.

(What a wicked thing to do…)

“Oh my…”

I voice coming from the door; a woman came in. This woman who is holding a small box must be the
owner of this house. Compared to the other humans I’ve seen so far, this one is too thin. This woman
with a bundle of white hair on the back of her head looked at me with a funny and surprised face with
complex expressions.
