Gumilia was that kind that calmly and objectively judges everything. What right is right, what wrong is
wrong, and she’ll clearly say which of them something is. But this time, she gave me a little symphathy
since I had no one else.

“Michaela, we spirits have eternal life. As Eldoh-san’s dependents, we will never die. However, this is
limited to our spirit form. We could change to animals and have contact with the real world. We would
also have an impact like that of the real world. We couldn’t just be injured but it could be even more
serious: death.”

“Yes, but.....”

“Do you even know what death is? That way, you’ll completely disappear from this world. And I
wouldn’t like that. I wouldn’t like Michaela to disappear.”

Although Gumilia talks straight like that, she’s definitely not a bad person.

“……Well, I knew that. I’m sorry Gumilia, I wouldn’t do it again next time.”

However, if you can’t contact with the real world, then what is the significance of your existence?

I came to Eldoh-san again and apologized for such a rash action. Eldoh-san became calmer than last night.

“Learning from your mistakes is just fine, Michaela; just don’t let me be too worried about you. Because
for me, you’re very important; my most precious child.”

“Yes, I’m sorry. I would never again leave the forest without permission.”

“Ah, that’s good. And now, I sleep……”

As his voice faded, Eldoh-san fell asleep once again.

“Well then, now Eldoh-san’s asleep, I could let everyone taste the delicious trauben.”

As I was going to gather the others around, I suddenly became aware of someone coming…… Could it
be that pilgrim? But it doesn’t sound like Elluka.

“Hey? It’s Clarith! Why is she here?!”

Clarith kneeled in front of Eldoh-san and began to pray. I remember her saying that she didn’t believe in
gods, why come here? Clarith murmured softly as I quietly leaned next to her to hear her prayer.

“Dear God. I don’t have any friends.”

Clarith bowed her head, obscuring her face as her bangs went down. I couldn’t see her expression.

“From the day I was born, the only memories I had was about abuse and scorn. I did not know why I
was being treated like that until I grew up. My white hair and red eyes was the reason why I was not
accepted in this country. Everyone called me a “demon’s child”, saying that I should be tied up on a
cross and burned.”
