A few days later, when Eldoh-san finally woke up, I immediately approached him and discussed what
Clarith said.

“Ah, a person from the Netsume tribe? Originally, there were people from the Netsuma tribe in
Elphegort. Although they were not exclusive and powerful, it was evident that Elphegorteans are
unwilling to accept them.”

“Is there any other way? Like fleeing the country or something like that?”

“Fleeing the country would be best but doesn’t she have a sick mother? I’m afraid it would be difficult to
just walk away. Also, leaving your homeland that you inhabited for a long time, only to experience bad
things. Michaela, didn’t you also just experience this?”

“Yes, I can understand… Is there any other way?”

Clarith not only saved my life, but she also me a bird cage, took care of me and addressed her troubles
to me… So I want to do something for her too.

“Michaela, as I always said, do not go near humans. Us and humans are different. Even God should not
interfere with the human world.”

Eldoh-san would always tell this to us. Because of this, we would always try to avoid getting out of the
forest and have any contact with them.

But……

“I never would have thought to hear something like that from someone like you, Eldoh”

On the prestige, a beautiful pink-haired lady stood out with a glamorous atmosphere.

The Magi, Elluka Clockworker. She is a friend of Eldoh-san. She came from the neighbouring Lucifenia
country as a powerful court magician. Although Eldoh-san called her “human”, but excluding her, I’ve
never seen any human that could live up to five hundred years. And further to say, she was completely
different when I first met her. This change is not because of her growth and development, but because
of her “body swap technique”; every once in a while, she would replace her old body with a new one,
thus, maintaining as an ageless immortal.

Elluka, although she looked like that for three hundred years, still looks beautiful. She has her own
secrets to keep.

Elluka brushed off the hair that was on her cheek then walked to Eldoh-san with a faint smile.

“If you do not want to interfere with the human world, then why did you give me this misson?”

“Elluka… because ‘sin’ has been produced. Although I have no direct relationship with it, and I cannot
interfere, for that reason, I send you out, a “human”, to gather them.”

“So, have you made a decision? Have you considered it?”
