“Consider what?”

Eldoh-san was a bit confused to what Elluka said. Elluka gave a wrinkled brow, an unhappy expression.
Her beautiful expression disappeared.

“Don’t try to steer the topic up OLD MAN! I want a forest spirit to become human and become my
apprentice.”

“Oh, I don’t remember, but……”

“I told you about the ‘sin’ thing right?! My short, predictable dreams would become reality. I must train
an apprentice to help me repel the ‘demon’ out of Riliane… and, I also have a care about some things.”

Elluka looked up towards the northeast sky.

“In Elphegort, I can slightly feel the ‘sins’ breath. As you said, fragments of the mirror… might be in this
country”

“……”

Eldoh-san’s face changed from a serious expression into a meditative one. He looked at me and to the
other spirits as well for a while then unto Elluka. He finally spoke in a low voice.

“In that case, how about this arrangement? I will give you two spirits. One will be your disciple and the
other one will stay in Elphegort and look for the ‘sin’ fragment. With this, all of the problems will be
addressed at the same time.”

“…… really? I honestly didn’t think you would agree at the outset”

Elluka asked Eldoh-san. In fact, I also have the same question in my heart. Eldoh-san would always tell us
“Do not interfere with the human world”. Why make this decision?

“Up until now, I created this forest full of trees, flowers, insects, spirits… then ‘sin’ was created. I did
not take the responsibility over it. I am not fit of God’s duty. I may soon depart from this world for
humans have trampled upon us and they lack retribution.”

“Eldoh……”

“Sin was born from the filth of the forest. I would do it myself, but as you can see, I cannot leave the
forest. Even so, I cannot make this as an excuse for everything. I pushed the responsibility so I have
considered to help you… and you alone. I first thought that you would be able to collect it all in a
hundred years or so.”

“Yes. My ability is limited. Now, who would be appropriate?”

“Make Gumillia your disciple. She is a very serious child; she can effectively monitor you and does not
let you get lazy.”
