“Ha, double the supervision…”

“And the other one would be… Michaela, can you do it?”

“Eh?”

Suddenly mentioning my name, I looked at Eldoh-san.

“You seem to be very interested in humans. This is a rare opportunity; you can go and learn more about
them as much as possible… but don’t forget your mission. Elluka, I will give you a three year period.
After three years, this two will become spirits again. If you accept these conditions, I will accept your
request.”

“It’s more than enough. I will be able to fix the problems now”

After that, Elluka and Eldoh-san talked about a lot of topics.

Just recently, I was told “I am not allowed to go out of the forest”. How did it come to this?

Although I do not understand the content of their dialogue, but does it mean……

Did I want to become human?

Away from Eldoh-san, we have walked towards west for some time. Elluka said that we should find a
place most suitable for astronomical ceremonies. When we walked through the forest, Elluka quietly
muttered.

“Eldoh probably has his own ideas. So do me and the both of you”

“Me?”

“If you are afraid of change, you just simply stop. Eldoh wanted to let you become human in order for
you to better understand human beings”

“Well, I still don’t understand.”

“It does not matter. You just have follow your own ideas and you’ll be fine”

“Like how you do it?”

“Ha ha ha, yeah”

Elluka happily laughed then she looked away. What is she thinking about?

When we reached the destination, Elluka began to draw something on the ground. Soon, the ceremony
of me and Gumillia reincarnating as a human will now begin.

“What exactly do we have to do?”
