The battle was begun in the light of dawn.

The Tasan army was about three times the size of the improvised Lucifenian forces. By numbers alone, they were overwhelmingly at a loss.

The way the battle would go was linked to their imagination and the strength of their spirit. As both sides were souls who could not die, it was those who had lost the will to go on who would be leaving the battle front.

Both armies had weaknesses on that that point.

The Tasan army was full of those who had only recently died, and they showed a fair amount of disturbance among them, mentally. There were even some soldiers who appeared unable to understand why it was they were fighting like this in the first place.

On the other hand, when it came to the improvised Lucifenian army—conversely, too much time had passed since they had died. It would take some time for souls that had grown overly used to their peaceful time in heaven to regain the fighting spirit they must have held in life.

For a while, their skirmish continued with no decisive victory on either side.

.

–There were people who were gazing upon this battle from afar.

“It seems we were a step too slow.”

Allen lightly tsked.

Nemesis, standing beside him, calmly started evaluating the situation. “Looks like most of the army the Lucifenian forces are fighting is wearing the Tasan uniform. …But it’s hard to imagine that the guys we saw in the forest outpaced us to get here. So then, the Tasan army before us now—must be soldiers that had already set out before those ones. In brief, they’re advance troops.”

“As for their goal…that seems pretty obvious.”

“Riliane, most likely. Though I don’t know if there are any other ‘deadly sin contractors’ around here…If they figured that everyone would be in their respective birthplaces, then it’s only natural they’d attack here first.”

“Lucifenia is closest to get to from the forest.”

“The Lucifenian forces might be smaller in number, but it looks like they’re very well organized. Leading them is—Arth, probably. Though it could be Leonhart or Germaine. At the very least it wouldn’t be such with Riliane.”

Allen summoned up a sword with his imagination and held it firmly.

“We have to hurry and help them.”

“Help them? Who?” Nemesis asked Allen, playing dumb.

“I would think it’s obvious. The Lucifenian forces.”

“Still, I was once the head of the Tasan party.”

“But you were also once the court sorceress of Lucifenia.”

“…That brings back memories. That was five hundred years ago, wasn’t it?”

“If you won’t do anything, then I’ll go ahead by myself,” Allen said.

He moved to run down there, but Nemesis held him back.

“—I’m kidding. If I was going to ally myself with the Tasan army, I wouldn’t have come here with you.”

“Then you’re going to help the Lucifenian side.”

“That being said, I don’t know if I’ll be much use, having a living body like this. I do have a weapon, at least.” Nemesis took her favored revolver in hand. “Though I’m uneasy about how I’d fair against an army with just this.”

“What about using magic? You could blow the enemy soldiers away with a blast of wind.”

“If I could do that then this would be a cinch. But I need a decent amount of preparation to use high scale spells. Right now we don’t have that kind of time. Even if I could, there’s no guarantee I can use that much magic in my Nemesis body.”

“…?”

“I remember the incantations themselves, but only just recently. The last time I used such involved magic was many centuries ago. Since becoming Nemesis I’ve only used the simple spells that Nikolay taught me.”

“I see…”

“Whatever the case, I’m not sure there’s much point in just the two of us adding to their number. Instead of just recklessly running in, maybe we ought to come up with a plan.”

“Even so—Huh?” Allen pointed to the east, having noticed something. “Look over there, Nemesis. …There’s another group of souls, outside of the ones that are fighting over there.”

“Could it be the enemy reinforcements!? –No, I think not. They’re not in Tasan uniforms. The armor they’re in looks like it’s from a much older time period.”

Just like Allen and Nemesis, the group seemed to be watching the state of the battle occurring before them.

Nemesis squinted and looked at them again.
And then—she grinned.

“…Let’s head that way, Allen.”

“Towards that group? Are they allies?”

“Well that depends on some negotiating, doesn’t it?”

“…Ah!”

Allen finally realized the identity of the group.

There were some familiar faces among them.
