“Ghaah!?” York screamed, his face full of agony as he took a bullet to the chest. “Son of a bitch! I shoulda stayed back in the palace after all!”

Germaine’s sword cut down the Tasan soldier who was attacking further. “It speaks well of you that you didn’t, York!”

“You can save yer praise! No matter how you slice it, we haven’t got an edge here in this fight!”

“…No, I don’t think so. At this point it looks like there’s more of the enemy’s number who’ve left the battlefield.”

“That so?”

“Strength of heart…That’s the difference. Kids these days lack the guts.”

Mariam summoned up knife after knife at Germaine’s side, throwing them precisely at enemy soldiers.

“I’d except nothing less from the leader of the revolution. You’re able to calmly analyze the situation.” Mariam grinned at Germaine with a relaxed expression.

“Oh no, I should be praising you—You’re one of the Three Heroes alright. There’s no more a dependable ally than you.”

“Thank you for the compliment. …Your father seems to be much more enthusiastic, however.”

To the right, ahead of her, Leonhart was destroying one of the self-propelled artillery machines with his fists.

“RRAAH!”

Germaine stared in amazement at her father as he gave out a war cry.

“…You’re a knight, so you should be using a sword, not your hands…”

“In any case, we’re doing much better than I had expected.”

Germaine shook her head at Mariam’s words. “We can’t rest easy yet. There’s still a difference of manpower here—and we have to keep their reinforcements in mind.”

“That’s true.”

Some new Tasan soldiers appeared before them, and took up a firing stance.

But before they could shoot, they were blasted back by the massive sword that Chartette was wielding.

“Chartette!”

“Big Sis, and Head Maid! You alright, yannow!?”
“You can see for yourself.”

“This is bad, yannow! Some new troops are coming from the left—”

Germaine and the others looked in the direction Chartette was pointing.

–And there were indeed some newcomers in armor heading their way.

“Tch, have the enemy reinforcements arrived already!?” Germaine said, clicking her tongue—But Mariam’s point of view differed.

“No, they’re…Ha hah. Late to the party I see—‘Demon of Asmodean’.”

“–! Then, those are—”

“Gast Venom, and his band of mercenaries.”

The Venom Mercenaries then proceeded to charge at the Tasan encampment.

“Time to get to work, you bastards!”

At the shout of the giant man who was running at the front, the mercenaries each started to cut at the Tasan soldiers with their weapons. The Tasan army’s formation began to crumble, in chaos over the sudden reinforcements.

–Now!

Not looking to miss a good opportunity, Germaine raced toward the enemy stronghold.

And there at her destination—was the enemy general Tony Ausdin.

“Wha!?”

Tony looked panicked, taken by surprise.
Germaine launched herself at him without a moment’s delay.

However—

Before she reached him, the surrounding Tasan soldiers all fired at her at once.

“Guh!?”

Germaine was filled with more holes than Swiss cheese.

If she hadn’t been a soul, then she would have surely been mortally wounded.

“—Ha. Say what you will, but that was reckless, red-armored swordswoman.” Tony smiled, having regained his composure. “Get blown away.”

The body of the self-propelled artillery turned to aim at Germaine.

“Fire!”

At Tony’s shout, the shell was launched at her.

.

–After the smoke had cleared, there was no one there.

Germaine realized that someone was holding onto her.

“Phew…Acting rashly as always, huh Germaine?”

“—I could say the same to you, Allen!”

It appeared that it was by his help that she had been able to avert being struck by the shell.
.

Thanks to Mariam and the others who ran up immediately afterwards, Germaine and Allen were able to make it back to their own encampment.

“You’re too impatient to win, Germaine!”

Germaine ignored Leonhart’s rebuke, her expression sulky.

“…I figured if I were to take out the general I could lower our enemy’s morale.”

“You just barely averted having the opposite happen. There are a lot of civilians that look up to you. Restrain yourself a little.”

“…Yeah yeah.”

Still astounded at his tomboy daughter, Leonhart then turned to face Allen.

“You too, Allen. Where have you been wandering about?”

“I’m sorry, I had some business to take care of—how’s Riliane?”

“…She’s not here right now.”

Leonhart explained the situation up to that point to Allen.

“—I see. So that’s what happened…”

“To find Riliane we first need to take care of the soldiers here now. Fortunately the battle situation has improved thanks to the Venom Mercenaries that you brought.”

“I just happened to meet them by chance. They seemed to be undecided on what they ought to do, so I hired them with some money.”

“Money? …I’d think that such a thing has little meaning by this point. Was that also an illusion conjured with your imagination?”

“Ha ha, that’s right. –I’ll have to thank Gast Venom.”

“…Even now I still have no idea what goes in that man’s mind.”

“Well then, what shall we do n—”

At that moment, they heard someone cry out from behind them, “H-hey! Look—what is that!?”

“A b-black box…is flying in the sky!?”

The Lucifenian soldiers were starting to get restless, looking up ahead to the left.

“—So it’s here,” Allen murmured in a low voice.

“Do you know what that is?” Germaine asked.

“…The ‘Blackbox’. Take care. I don’t know what exactly it can do, but I’m positive it has a dreadful power in it.”

They could see a new platoon of Tasan soldiers below the box, heading their way.

“Those look like the main forces. …That’s a considerable number. We’ll need to take care of them before we do anything about the black box.”

Mariam heaved a sigh.
.

–The Marlon guerilla unit had taken up position to the left flank of the Lucifenian army.

They were led by the king of Marlon, Kyle, who was currently gazing upon the enemy reinforcements with a composed expression.

“So these are the enemy reinforcements. And that box…I’ve got a bad feeling about that,” he said, getting down from the horse he’d been riding.

“What should we do, King Kyle?” asked one of his subordinates, reigning in his own horse.

Kyle replied, “It’s time to drop the peaceful attitude. You all wait here. From here on—I’ll go alone.”

“Wha!? But—”

“I don’t want to get anyone else wrapped up in this. …Well, this is my first time testing it out, so I don’t know if it’ll work, but—”

As Kyle spoke he closed his eyes, and seemed to be focusing on something.

–The unit’s soldiers began to falter at the strange atmosphere that he was giving off.

“K-king Kyle, what are you—”

“’As long as it’s something that you have experienced, you can conjure up anything’…So then!”

Kyle suddenly opened his eyes.

Said eyes were shining with a suspicious light.

And then–

“Ah—ahh…”
One of the soldiers fell on his rear.

The soul that had up to this point looked like Kyle—

The blue haired young-man, had transformed into a monster with six black wings.

“Whew…I guess it worked alright,” the creature laughed boldly. “And I didn’t lose my mind doing it…I think.”

Then he turned his gaze back to the ‘black box’.

“Well then, let’s go.”

He spread his wings and flew towards the enemy.
