The reinforcements for the Tasan Army were being swiftly mowed down by the monster that had suddenly arrived on the scene—

Arth and Yukina, who were both stationed at the main encampment, watched the ongoing sight from afar with gloomy expressions.

“Kyle—”

Arth gave a start at those words. “You’re saying the identity of that monster is the Marlon boy, Miss Yukina?”

“Yeah, probably…He was once taken over by the ‘Demon of Pride’. I think that he…used his memories of that time to change into that form at will.”
“…A demon, huh…Certainly, it’s hard not to believe, with power like that. I suppose that makes him a fairly dependable ally for us—”

“…”

“Are you worried about him?”

“…Yes. I can’t help but wonder if his heart has also grown evil again—”

Arth patted Yukina on the head as she cast her eyes down with anxiety.

“—I don’t know Kyle very well. However…Even in one whose form has been created by a wicked being, as long as their heart is strong—there is no need to fear them falling to ‘evil’.”

“You…think so?”

“Let me—tell you a fairytale. The prince of a certain country, he lost his life in a carriage accident. The prince’s soul wandered the forest, and there…he met with a spirit that took the form of a Black Rollam bird.”

“—The spirits of the forest appear before people with their own respective animal shape…That’s legend told by the Held sect of the Levin church.”

“This was a dark spirit who loved pranks, and he said this to the prince: ‘I shall revive you’. And this was indeed carried out…however, his body had become that of a mud doll, built to look identical to a human being. The prince returned to his country, but he continued to hide that his body was made of mud.”

“A mud person…And did no one else find out?” Yukina asked with great interest.
She had always been the kind to love stories like this.

“The mud body that the spirit made was very elaborate. As long as the prince didn’t let anyone touch his skin, then no one would be able to find out the truth. –He grew up, and became the king. And then he married the woman he loved…But as one might expect, he couldn’t hide the fact that he was made of mud from his own wife. And so—”

“Arth.”

Arth had been about to continue talking, but Anne interrupted him.

“Reminisce later. Right now we need to concentrate on the battle in front of us.”

“Y-yeah…Of course.”

Swayed by his wife, Arth stopped his story and made an apologetic gesture to Yukina.

…But Yukina had seized upon the word that Anne had carelessly let slip.

Anne called it ‘reminiscing’ just now…Could it be that the king’s story is—

At that moment, a trumpet call resounded from the enemy encampment.

“Look! The enemy’s retreating!” Arth cried out happily. “They must be scared off by the force of our army and that monster—Kyle.”

“It looks that way…However.” Anne looked up at the northern sky. “That black box is still floating there—No, rather, it looks to be slowly moving this way.”

“That must be the enemy’s last resort after all. But there’s no way to interact with it floating so high in the air like that—”

“Fiiiire!”

Behind them they heard a woman cry out the order, and then immediately afterwards the sound of explosions ringing out.

Arth and the others turned around to see the artillery lined up along the palace roof.

“Leading that heavy artillery unit is…Commander Muchet’s daughter, I see. Though unfortunately I don’t think even those can reach the box.”

The box steadily advanced on the Lucifenian encampment without sustaining a single scratch.

.

Having turned the tables on the Tasan army reinforcements, Kyle looked up at the black box above his head.

“And now…there’s this left.”

He flapped his wings and approached the box.

“This…!? Is it not an illusion?”

The faint “tremor” that could be seen on the guns and swords the enemy allies held, as well as the self-propelled artillery and palace, was not present on the box. An object that had a definite mass was moving through the air.

Kyle thought to himself that was rather more convenient. It was impossible to completely destroy illusions and ghosts, but there was no such limitation on something that actually existed.
He had confirmed earlier that even a sword created with imagination could cut through real dirt.

–So then, it was possible for him to destroy this box with his claws.

“ROOOOAR!”

Giving out a war cry, he struck at the box with all his strength.

…Did I do it!?

He was sure he’d felt it connect.

…But his monster claws had only left a faint scratch on the box’s surface.

“Tch…Then I’ll just have to hit it until it breaks.”

Kyle lifted up his hand once more.

.

–Lu li la, lu li la.

.

He realized that a peculiar noise was reverberating from inside the box.

And then the lid of the box—its top panel slowly began to open.

What the!? The air is distorting—"

By the time he noticed the change, he was entirely too late.
Without any time to resist, Kyle—

Was swallowed up into the box in the blink of an eye.

.

<One “Deadly Sin Contractor”

has been detained

Formatting will begin in 3600 seconds>

.

–The menace of the “Blackbox” didn’t end there.

Once it had been opened, the box did not close again…and the people of the improvised Lucifenian army nearby started to get sucked inside, one by one.

“Aaaagh! What? What is this!?”

“I’m being…pulled in by the box…”

“H-help meee!”

They screamed as they went.

There were no souls—who could go against its power.

Allen and the others each stuck their respective weapons in the ground and clung to them for dear life.

–But they wouldn’t be able to hold on for long.
“Ghh…The soldiers are steadily going into that box—”

The power of the souls—was being swallowed up from those of weak hearts.

The only ones remaining of all the souls nearby were Allen, Germaine, Leonhart, Mariam, and Chartette.

“Aagh!”

Chartette’s hands separated from the hilt of her sword.

“Charteeette!”

Germaine desperately tried to grab her arm, but she was too late.

Chartette flew through the air and was swallowed up by the “Blackbox”.

Shit! I’ve gotta—I’ve gotta do something–!

Allen struggled to make his mind work, but was unable to come up with a resolution.

.

“…This is incredible. Amazing! Ha ha ha!”

Tony and the Tasan soldiers had been retreating earlier, but once they caught sight of the “Blackbox”’s power as it began to work, they unthinkingly came to a halt.

“This really is a ‘God’s power! Now no one can stop us!”

Tony was practically intoxicated with the might of the “Blackbox”.

“Come, black vortex! Swallow up all of our enem—Hn?”
And there, for the first time, he realized…the situation that he and his subordinate soldiers had put themselves in.

The distortion of time and space caused by the box that Tony had called a “black vortex”—It was steadily growing, and in a flash it had reached where Tony and the others were.

The box’s tremendous suction exceeded the gravity of the Hellish Yard—Upon losing his ability to move freely and starting to float into the air against his will, Tony screamed, “Asshole! You tricked us, Gammon! Dammiiiiiiiit!”

–The “Blackbox” devised by “God” was impartial.

It would swallow up all of the souls, and format them equally.
