In the end, everyone who had been sucked into the “Blackbox” was fine.

Only, all of them were severely mentally exhausted, and it was difficult for them to continue fighting any longer.

There was arguing over what to do with Tony and the Tasan soldiers, but in the end they decided to do nothing, and let them leave. The reasoning had been that there was little chance of them turning hostile again now that they had been betrayed by Gammon. And given that they couldn’t kill them in the first place, it would be riskier to keep them around.

It appeared that Gammon himself had not participated in the battle. Kyle had verified that he hadn’t seen anyone of his description.

–Nemesis pondered the outcome of this incident as she sat alone on the roof of the palace.

Kyle had told her something.

That when he had been pulled into the box, he’d heard a peculiar voice.

A formatting…If that’s true, then this…probably wasn’t made by Seth.
The fact that the souls it had absorbed were alright also supported this.

If the box had been one that could “transfer” souls, they likely would not have been.

That it hadn’t, but rather had tried to “dispose” of the souls inside of it—that function didn’t exist in any of the “Blackboxes”, much less Seth’s “Type S”.

This “formatting” function—The idea itself had been conceived, but never put into practice.

And the person who came up with it…was Levia. In other words, me. And…I had torn up the plans without showing them to anyone else.

It was something Levia had proposed to improve upon the management of souls—spirit data–but the other researchers had opposed it.

…So then, who had created that flying box?

The only possible person would be someone who had been in a position to read my thoughts—

Several people came to mind as candidates.

But she couldn’t form a conclusion at this stage.

“—Here you are.”

Arth had come up the stairs to the roof. Allen was next to him.

“Oh my, it’s father and son together again…Should I leave?”

“No, we came here to see you. Elluka…what do you intend to do now?”

“Not sure…” Nemesis thought for a moment. There was no big reason why she had come here with Allen in the first place. It had simply been to kill time.
“Alexiel tells me he is going to take over looking for Riliane.”

“By himself?”

Alexiel—Allen himself responded in Arth’s place, “Hardly any of the souls that were taken in by the box are in any shape to act. And I think the people who are left really ought to stay here to protect their weakened friends. Now that the ‘Blackbox’ has been destroyed the immediate danger has passed, so there’s no need to hurry in the search for Riliane.”

“…I hope so.”

“Are you worried about her?”

“—I just can’t stomach it. This box existing. Gammon needs a good scolding.”

“Then you intend to go to the theater after all?”

“…”

“I said so before, but it’ll be dangerous by yourself. At the very least I think you should go meet back up with Gumillia and the others.”

“She…didn’t come here after all.”

“Yeah.” And there, Allen suggested to Nemesis, “How about this? You come along with me to go look for her.”

“…This is true of Riliane too, but do you have any idea where they are?”

“I…do not, but I intend to head south for now.”

“South?”

“To where Banica Conchita is…She was once a resident of that theater. She may know something about Riliane’s whereabouts.”

“Not to mention,” Arth butt into the conversation, “Lich is probably with Banica. He might have some idea of how to revive the world.”

“…Ah, that’s right.” Nemesis glared over at Arth. “You were made into a ‘mud king’ by Lich before.”

A man who had once experienced death, and then was revived by obtaining a new soul receptacle.

It was likely because he had so deeply recognized the existence of souls from that day on that he had been so quick to realize Nemesis’ true identity.

“Yes. It wasn’t perfect, but it was by that spirit’s aid that I was able to come back to life. With his power, these dead souls could similarly—”

“Don’t be ridiculous. Wouldn’t that just fill the world up with mud people?”

“It’s been over five hundred years since then. I’m sure even Lich could have come up with a more complete method of reviving people, don’t you think?”

“That’s wishful thinking. It’s not so simple to create a perfect ‘soul receptacle’. …And I don’t think Lich would help us so readily in the first place.”

“But—”

Allen moved to pacify Arth as he started to object further. “Now now, Dad…Nemesis. Neither you nor Michaela seem to have a lot of good will for Lich.”

“…Well, he’s a villain. Though in Michaela’s case there’s another reason.”

“…? And what in the world is that?”

“Lich—is Michaela’s older brother.”

Allen didn’t hide his surprise at this unexpected fact that had been shared with him. “This is…the first I’m hearing of that.”

“They were never all that close as siblings. Apparently Lich would often harass Michaela after they became spirits. …That aside, Allen. I’m going to say my opinion one more time, properly.”

“…Alright. Go ahead.”
“I—have no inclination whatsoever to revive the world to what it was before.”

Arth opened his mouth, but Allen stopped him with his eyes, and he reluctantly took a step back.

Allen continued on after her in his place.

“That’s right. You did say that. But, did you…really hate the old world that much?”

“Of course. That’s why I—”

“Destroyed the world with ‘Punishment’. That was your intent as Levia, and your despair as Nemesis. But there’s another person in your soul, as I recall.” After glancing at Arth for a moment, Allen continued, “—What do you think now, as Elluka Clockworker?”

“…What an unpleasant child you are. Those eyes that look right through me, that calm demeanor—I can’t stand any of it.”

“I apologize if I’ve offended you. But I—”

Nemesis stood up, without waiting for Allen to finish talking.

“—Alright. I’ll go with you. I’d like to see for myself…how exactly you’ll ‘save the world’.”

“…Thank you, very much.”

“So then, when do we set out?”
“I’ve already said my goodbyes to everyone. If there’s anyone you want to speak to—”

“Not really. It’d be a pain to have to explain my appearance to them all—If there’s no other business, then let’s get going now.”

.

–Allen and Nemesis set off on their journey again, with the people of Lucifenia seeing them off.

Their next destination was the residence of the Evil Food Eater.

A place that was in the country of Beelzenia.

Nemesis murmured in her mind as she watched Allen walking ahead of her.

Allen. The answer you arrive at. If that winds up being mistaken, then at that time—

.

–I’ll destroy the world again.
