He hadn’t seen the Heavenly Yard in a long time.

With Gudnatia, the planet he was born and raised on, gone now, this was the only place left anymore that could be said to be home for Behemo.

He had passed through the gates of the Hellish Yard and arrived here, and immediately he was surprised by a field of rice that filled up its entire surface.

Behemo had been sure there wasn’t anything like it in the Heavenly Yard that he knew.

It was probably the work of that nature loving jackass. The research facility and almost all the equipment inside it had been discarded into the “Graveyard”, so the jerk had clearly made a field in the vacant land there.

Behemo didn’t have it in him to be mad about that this late in the game, but he did have one thing that troubled him. He had something he wanted to know.

What advancements had the world below—the Third Period—made while he had been asleep? Behemo had once possessed an “Akashic Recorder” for learning that information.

But that was also currently sealed in the “Grave Yard”. As long as the land of Evillious was covering it, it wasn’t a simple matter to move from here to there. Even if he could successfully make his way there, it was also possible that he wouldn’t be able to return back here again a second time. It was the kind of trap that the old bat wouldn’t think twice of setting up.

Right now there wasn’t any need for him to go to the “Grave Yard” at so great a risk.

That jerk’s Black Box should also have an akashic recorder function.

Behemo figured that he might try to borrow it. As far as he was putting on airs as a sun god, the “Black Box” probably wasn’t going anywhere anytime soon.

.

Fortunately, he was able to find that Black Box quickly. It had been floating openly in the center of the rice field.

Well, I guess there wasn’t any need to hide it.

Only a select few people could visit here. Just gods like Behemo and him, and the dead of the third period. When it came to the dead, this Black Box was so spectacularly advanced for them that they likely couldn’t operate it, and Levia and Behemo until this point had been wandering around on the surface. He supposed that Held had come here already, but from the start he had been his friend.

As he approached the Black Box, he could hear a faint operation noise from within.

“Lu li la…Lu li la…”

It appeared as though the Black Box was being used That was likely it precisely recording the history of the third period. When he used it he’d be able to learn all about Evillious’ past and present.

Upon touching the box, Behemo faced another truth that would stump him.

“…I don’t have the key.”

There was a small keyhole in the center of the box. Without turning the key in there he wouldn’t be able to open it.

The old bat, who probably had that with him, wasn’t anywhere around. He couldn’t feel so much as his presence, so perhaps he had descended down to the surface. Furthermore it was hard to imagine that he would just hand over the key if he got to where he was.

There was an emergency password protocol that should allow him to open the box without the key but it was useless if he wasn’t inside in the first place.

Maybe I can investigate a bit more.

Behemo changed the channel on the artificial eye that he had. This was one of his unique abilities, and so by being able to switch the channels on his eye at will he had several unique fields of vision that he could employ.

This time he decided to try looking through the box. It may have had its own unlocking methods that Behemo wasn’t familiar with, and even if not, if he was able to analyze the keyhole’s structure he could use that as a basis to construct a duplicate key.

Oh?

Behemo realized that there was someone inside the box.

It seemed as though it was the soul of a dead person.

He didn’t know why he would have a soul locked up, but, in a way, it was convenient for him. If he could successfully win them over, he could have them open the box without having to waste a bunch of pointless effort. As for how he might speak to the soul in the box, he was able to find this through his X-ray vision as well. Behemo pressed a switch hidden on the underside, and a wireless microphone used to convey his voice popped out from inside.

“Hello, can you hear me?”

Behemo spoke towards the microphone, and after a moment a voice came back from it.

“…Sickle?”

It seemed the microphone also served as a speaker.

He couldn’t really tell if the spirit he was talking to was male or female. It was an androgynous sort of voice that could be taken as either.

“My name’s not ‘Sickle’. Who’s that?”

“…It’s the master of this place.”

“Oh you mean him? Why’d he lock you up in there?”

“I don’t know.”

“I might be able to get you out.”

“…How would you do that? Who in the world are you?”

“I’m Behemo. I was originally a colleague of the one you call Sickle.”

After that the replies from the one on the other end stopped.

When there wasn’t a response after waiting a moment, Behemo spoke towards the microphone one more time.

“Do you doubt me?”

“…”

“Well that’s fine. Let’s start by getting to know each other first…Could you tell me your name?”

No reply came.

…No good, huh?

If so he’d have to try another method. Right when Behemo moved to leave with that in mind, he finally got a reply from the soul inside the box.

“…It’s Allen. Allen Avadonia.”
