The one who made this Black Box was this “Sickle” that Allen spoke of, so naturally its structure differed from the one that Behemo had once possessed.

Even so, as it had a great many parts in its base systems that matched his, even Behemo–who didn’t specialize in mechanical engineering–didn’t have much difficulty in handling it.

He would only use the Akashic Recorder function. Fortunately, that system was already in a standby state. It looked as though “Sickle” had used it to make Allen do “history studies”.

Allen wasn’t there anymore. Behemo had taken him out of the Black Box.

–Behemo was currently inside of it in his place.

It seemed that Allen had headed to the “Gardens of Champs-Élysées”. As, apparently, the souls of the dead were gathered there, it was likely he’d gone to go see some acquaintances he’d had while alive.

The inside of the Black Box was dark. But that wouldn’t be any kind of obstacle before Behemo’s artificial eye. Switching his field of vision to night vision mode, Behemo easily turned on the Akashic Recorder.

Behemo decided to get things over with quickly before “Sickle” returned, and after setting the Akashic Recorder to its highest speed he connected the tutorial device to his own head.

.

–The humans who lived in the Third Period.

The one who created them was none other than Behemo.

He’d created what would become the base for humans’ bodies, and his sister Levia had created what would become the base for their souls.

What sort of history had his own creations, “humans”, brought about?…What sort of things had happened while Behemo was “sleeping” in the corner of his sister’s soul?…He ended up learning about that with an absurd fast-forward.

“…I see.”

Behemo took the device from his head, and let out a long, slow breath.

The history of the Third Period that he’d learned—On the whole he could say it was as he expected, but he was also able to learn about several things that surprised him.

First was this “Allen Avadonia”…The spirit that had been there until just recently. It seemed he was a prince born approximately a hundred years ago in Lucifenia, but rather than that in itself the fact that had been really interesting was in his lineage.

Felt like I’d seen him somewhere before…But I know I haven’t. He was just—me, myself.

To be accurate, Allen was a low-quality copy of Behemo…The case was that he had been a body for his reincarnation.

Once sealed inside the Magic Kingdom Levianta, Levia and Behemo had tried to use humans to bring about copies of themselves down on the surface.

That was the so-called “Project Ma”.

The only successful products of that had been the “Twins of God”, Hänsel and Gretel—Or so Behemo had thought up until this point. But in actuality the case was that there was another copy. …Or rather, another set of copies, birthed on the surface.

They were from the woman called “Marina Lucif”, in the Sixth Project. Her husband had concealed the fact that the twins had been born. Their descendants founded the Kingdom of Lucifenia…And so, Allen, and his older twin Riliane, were born.

There came to be two sets of beings that held the “key” to the world’s birth and demise on the current surface. If that’s the case then he had a rough idea of why “Sickle” had placed Allen’s soul within his reach.

He was probably still trying to control the world’s ending.

Just like he had once done using Levia and Behemo.

However…

There were also some unclarified points.

Why would “Sickle”, who followed the rules more strictly than others, break the ones that he himself had established? And why, along with that, had he left alone the spirit of Riliane, who was another “key”?…Those two points.

They’re preparations as a countermeasure for when I…or my sister, did something….If so, well, I can sort of understand that.

At any rate, Behemo no longer felt inclined towards being proactively involved with the world’s progress.

How was it for Levia, said older sister? He’d seen for himself her present condition too, but it looked like that had also become fairly interesting—or rather, tiresome.

Could he even call that his sister anymore? There was hardly any doubt that she would become a cause of concern for “Sickle”, for now and later on.

And…there are a different variety of “beings” disrupting the world.

“The Vessels of Deadly Sin”…The ones who dwelled inside them. The mere shadow of those who had once sworn their allegiance to Behemo and his sister.

But they were already in the process of being taken in by the world’s rules. Sickle likely didn’t regard them as being that dangerous either.

And Seth Twiright…The man himself had already fallen into the “Hellish Yard”, but fragments that had taken on his purpose still existed on the surface.

One of them was, of course, with his sister. In the inside space that Seth’s Black Box created, that woman called Irina had brought forth an abnormal power. It was true that his sister coexisting with that woman and the doll that had become an intermediary of her power gave him chills, but it didn’t seem likely that Behemo could do anything about it anymore, nor did he care to.

But he did need to remove Seth’s influence on the surface as much as he could. He didn’t know what would happen to the surface world, but he wasn’t going to tolerate those low quality copies of that creepy mask man mingling among humans, his very own creations.

While regrettable, it seemed as though the blood of Seth’s “ghoul children” was already mixing in no small numbers with them.

Like those who were called the Freezis Family—But they also carried the blood of humans, too. To injure them would be, namely, injuring his own works. There was a time when Behemo had once proactively done just that, but, before he knew it, during his short sleep those feelings had melted away entirely.

But…He wanted to ward off any situation like “ghoul children” again mixing in with humans, as much as he was able.

Seems there’s still some “ghoul children” left in the world yet.

In their current condition it appeared their function was suspended, but if they had the motive to they might become active.

It seemed this Black Box also had a feature that could communicate with the surface. That feature was locked, probably to make sure that Allen couldn’t use it. But Behemo figured he could release it quickly enough.

He did have a slight concern that “Sickle” would be able to quickly find out if he made it work too flashily, but he should be alright if he only used it a little bit.

Behemo swiftly released the lock and started up the communications function.

It didn’t mean that he could very simply communicate with anyone on the surface. There were some conditions to it.

There had to be a device capable of receiving the Black Box’s message. And, it had to be unbroken.

Fortunately, it looked as though the place he intended to reach satisfied both of those conditions.

Behemo initiated a message transmission.

Its forwarding address was—the island nation of Marlon in the Evillious region, on the surface.

The facility that existed in the cellar of the “Castle of Hedgehog”.
