It was a cold world twelve floors underground.

In there was the legacy of the far-off past, and also of the future.

.

It had been a long time since Willus Zolach, an investigator belonging to the World Police, had last come back to his family home.

He was born and raised in the cellar of the “Castle of Hedgehog”, which was in the northwest of the country of Marlon.

It wasn’t that he’d been strictly confined there. He had been free to go outside, and he properly went to school just like other children.

The Zolach family was one burdened with the fate of protecting Leviantan relics—That was all there was to it. Though the one in charge would change as the years went by, his ancestors had continued to protect this legacy that remained in this place in Marlon.

The current Zolach family head was Willus’ grandfather. Because his son—in other words, Willus’ father—had passed away early, the next head had to be Willus himself.

Willus hoped that his grandfather would have a long life, that so that that day could take as long as possible to come. If he were to become the family head, he’d end up forced to spend his life in this dark, cold basement until the day he died.

Though he had been able to ready himself for that a very long time ago, Willus was still fairly young for retirement. He’d intended to enjoy his free life outside for just a little while longer.

Fortunately his grandfather, who he had come to see for the first time in a long time, still had that keen glint in his eye, and didn’t look as though he’d be simply kicking the bucket anytime soon. Willus was secretly relieved upon seeing that, but what his grandfather announced the moment their eyes met was not what he expected it to be.

“Willus! The time has finally come for our family to complete its purpose.”

Those had been far too abrupt words. When Willus asked what he really meant, his grandfather turned around and explained, while looking into a device that had several small holes in it, “I had a divine message from god. It said to turn off the ‘Freezis’es.”

“…Which do you mean when you say ‘Freezis’, old man? The family that goes by that name on the surface, or—“

“Naturally, the ‘Freezis’ that applies to us are these.”

His grandfather indicated the five coffins in the middle of the room.

Lying inside those clear caskets were the bodies of several dead babies—or that’s what it looked like. The bizarre cold that enfolded the room was emanating specifically from these caskets.

According to his grandfather, the babies inside of the coffin-like “Freezis”es (an ancient refrigeration device) were not actually dead. They had merely been sleeping for the last five hundred years, and they could awaken if given the right trigger.

Actually, among the five coffins, one of them was empty.

The baby inside of it was revived due to an earthquake that had occurred roughly a hundred years ago. It’s said that it slipped out of the underground that way and disappeared into the world on the surface.

That fact itself had occurred before his grandfather had yet been born. He didn’t know what had really happened, so he couldn’t be sure why the Zolachs of the time had left that baby–the man who’d later come to be called on the surface “Keel Freezis” ―alone like that. But after that the Zolach family had continued watching over the remaining four babies until this very day. Along with the other relics slumbering in the basement.

To the last, the mission imposed upon the Zolach clan was just to protect this place, and so any bit of what was actually inside being let slip probably wasn’t that serious in itself. When Willus had taken one piece of that legacy—the broken gun left in a corner of the basement—his grandfather hadn’t been all that angry.

He’d said, “That’s alright as long as you don’t misuse it.”

Willus had restored the gun on his own, and made it his own weapon. Of course, he only used it against wrongdoers. He’d taught his former underling how to make it, but she was also—well, there was nothing to worry about, probably.

…Anyway, his grandfather said that they were going to be abandoning that legacy that the Zolach line had protected for many years. Because apparently he’d had a “divine message from god”.

It didn’t look that way to him, but it was possible that his grandfather had gone touched in the head, and was merely hearing things. Without having actually heard this “divine message”, Willus couldn’t make any judgment call on that.

But at any rate, Willus had no reason to object. Halting the “Freezis”es–in other words that meant that he’d be able to break away from his lot of becoming the next family head.

“Sounds fine to me,” Willus replied quickly.

.

The actual task that his grandfather carried out was exceedingly simple.

Press four buttons, pull a lever–With just that it was all finished.

In just the span of a few seconds the babies in the coffins dried out, and now were the size of wheat grains.

…They would probably never be revived.

“I’ll close this place up permanently too. We won’t be able to come back again. If you’ve got something you need, better take it with you,” his grandfather proposed.

But Willus took out his gun from its holster and spun it around demonstratively. “Just this is plenty…When you say closing it up, what’s specifically going to happen?”

“This entire room will be made to drop down even further, until it reaches the depths of the earth. It’ll all probably get burned up by the lava there.”

“How dreadful…What do you plan to do now, Grandfather? If you want you can stay at my house—”

“Oh no, I wouldn’t want to impose. I’m going to go live with Miss Angela.”

“Uh, your old tea-drinking friend who comes here on occasion?”

“We’re already engaged to be married.”

“–! When did—”

“Hoh hoh. You’re not the only one who’s had a burden taken off his shoulders. I intend to enjoy the rest of my life.”

“…Well, that’s fine then isn’t it? Is it alright if I go to see you from time to time?”

“Of course it is.”

.

Willus returned to the surface with his grandfather, and together they went outside from the castle entrance.

Their eyes soaked in the twilight. His grandfather went to meet up with Miss Angela who was waiting for him, and then the two of them headed to her house.

Left all alone, for some reason or another Willus looked up at the sky at that spot.

And he murmured with a sigh, “…God…? Does something like that really exist?”
