Upon finishing his communications with the surface, Behemo pressed the switch to cut off the transmission device.

…With this there no longer existed any genuine “ghoul children” on the surface.

He was grateful that the protector had been a sensible person. The whole thing would have been a bit more troublesome if he’d expressed any disapproval with disposing of the “ghoul children”.

When it came to the reason for the Zolach family becoming protectors of the “ghoul children”, one would have to go back over five hundred years. It had started when their ancestor married a cursed woman by the name of Lamia Asayev…Well, that didn’t matter anymore.

After five hundred years had passed, the Zolach family had finally been released from their fate. Willus Zolach still had on him one piece of that legacy, but that wouldn’t be much of a problem.

It seemed humanity had advanced faster than Behemo had expected. They were going close to twice as fast as his estimations in the beginning—It wouldn’t be that much of a stretch for them to develop a similar advancement to the second period. If that happened, that legacy would soon be little more than pieces of junk from the past.

…Of course, that’s assuming that nothing gets in the way of that.

Well, it wasn’t Behemo’s role to worry about that. Sickle—or rather he should take on the onus for all of that.

Well then…I wonder how much longer I…and him…will be able to keep “existing”?

Compared to the humans living on the surface, Behemo’s lifespan had a length that could be called close to eternal.

But in reality that also had its limits. Like the higher order beings from the First Period for whom that had been so, someday Behemo and the others would be extinguished.

Behemo decided to spend his remaining days sightseeing.

Naturally, if the inclination strikes I might take a pass at heading down to the ground world a little.

Ultimately, it wasn’t that much different from the judgement that had been arrived at by the “old bat” that Behemo detested so much, but Behemo hadn’t noticed that just yet.

.

Lying in wait for Behemo when he exited the Black Box was Allen, looking downhearted, and one other, green haired man who seemed displeased.

“Of course it was you. So you’ve come back, Behemo.”　

The green-haired man didn’t seem especially happy to be seeing Behemo again.

It wasn’t him.

This man’s name was “Held”.

A man who used to be one of his associates, as well as Behemo’s former teacher.

“Long time no see, Professor Held. You look as youthful as ever.”

“The youthfulness of appearance has no meaning for us. –You should know that better than anyone…Why did you have Allen go outside on his own?”

“Why?…He was just in my way. Do I need any other reason?”

“That box is not your property.”

”–Still as obedient to that thing as ever, aren’t you, Professor?“

“Still more upright than a cross-dressing deviant and a hysterical woman, at least.”

"I’m not so sure.”

“…Put Allen back in the box before he comes back.”

“Sure, no problem. My investigation’s already over.“

"Investigation?”

“I was just looking at the history that occurred while I was sleeping. I have the right to know that much, don’t I? After all, I am the one who created the bodies of humans.”

Not venturing to speak to Held about the matter involving “ghoul children”, Behemo walked from the Black Box and drew closer to the two of them.

And doing so, he stood before Allen.

“Hey Allen. Looks like you weren’t able to make it to the ‘Gardens of Champs-Élysées’, eh?”

“…Yeah. I was found out by the Earth God while I was on my way.”

“Earth God…Ah, you mean the professor. Anyway, you have my sympathy that you couldn’t carry out your objective.”

“It’s alright—I was just thinking that I’d like to see an acquaintance of mine.”

“Haha. Well, hang in there for a little while longer.…When the time comes, I might have the opportunity to grant your true wish.”

“…?”

Allen tilted his head.

Seeing his look, Behemo laughed once more. “Let me think…A hundred years from now, or maybe two hundred? Looking at things cyclically, she should be reborn again around then. The place will probably be somewhere far further east than Evillious…At that time—“

“I’m not sure I get what it is you’re talking about.”

“That’s alright for now. I’ll explain it to you when that time arrives…Well them, I’m off.”

Behemo passed by Allen and then started walking straight ahead.

“Wait. Where are you planning to go?” It was Held’s voice, audible from behind his back.

Behemo replied without turning around, lightly waving just his hand, “It’s been a long time since I’ve come home. I’ve decided to look around a little bit longer…Relax, okay? I’m not doing anything excessive anymore.”

After that, in a quiet voice so that Held and the other couldn’t hear, Behemo murmured, “For the time being…hm?”

.

At the time, Allen still couldn’t have imagined it.

That the day he would once again be reincarnated aboveground as a human was coming.
