“—This brings back memories,” Riliane said to herself as they passed through the entrance to the theater.

“Do you know this place?”

Riliane nodded at Kayo’s question. “I used to live here. Along with its strange residents.”

“That wasn’t…as ‘Miroku Rin’, was it?”
“Of course it wasn’t. I wasn’t the princess of Lucifenia either. It was much later, right before the world was destroyed—I came here as the girl ‘Postman’, who had lost her sense of self.”

And then—thanks to Arte’s help, she had obtained a new body. And with it she regained her will and became able to talk.

But…she had kept that fact hidden from Ma, who was her guardian.

For she had realized how wicked she truly was by always staying at her side.

–Perhaps it had been a mistake for her to help Nemesis that way, and assist in killing Ma.

That outcome had led to the world’s destruction.

But if I hadn’t done that…Nemesis would have been killed instead. She’d been born solely to be used by her mother—I couldn’t just leave her to her fate.

Even after it was all over she didn’t know what would have been correct to do.

Just as when she had been Rin, and when she had been Riliane—

I—We, have done nothing but make mistakes.

…It wouldn’t do any good to think about that now.

Riliane shook her head and focused on the scene before her.

This was “Evils Theater.”

It was their enemy’s stronghold.

The one to greet the three of them as they came out into the hall was the Sleep Princess.
“—This is surprising, that you’d come out here so suddenly.”

Riliane took out the “Clockworker’s Doll”.

“I’ll seal you inside this,” she declared with a self-satisfied expression.

But the Sleep Princess replied, her expression calm, “Oh dear…But how?”

And there Riliane realized she’d made a grave error.

Dammit! …I don’t know how to actually do it.

She’d forgotten to ask Michaela.

Get a grip, Riliane! Don’t let her figure out that you don’t know.

She pushed herself, making a bluff. “Come now, give up quietly! Otherwise it’s an eternity in the doll for you!”

“…Alright, go right ahead.”

“—Huh!?”

Riliane was stupefied at the Sleep Princess’ unexpected words.

The Sleep Princess quietly continued, “My goal isn’t to fight with all of you. Just to erase the souls of the ‘Deadly Sin contractors’ from the world—And since you guys came here on your own that’s as good as done.”

“…Why are you and the others treating the ‘Deadly Sin contractors’ like your enemies?”

“It’s not that I hate you or anything. Actually, truth be told I don’t want to do such a thing. …But I have to. To save the world.”

“…”

“—Come with me. You don’t want to disappear without knowing why, right? I’ll tell you the truth,” the Sleep Princess said, turning around and heading deeper into the hall.

Kayo spoke to Venomania. “What…should we do? I feel like the odds of this being a trap are very high.”

“No, I think we should go with her. She didn’t look like she was lying.”

“You sound quite sure of yourself.”

“I have a discerning eye when it comes to women.”

“I see, so we can’t rely on you at all.”

“…”

“Rin-chan, what do you think?” Kayo asked Riliane.

“–Let’s go. We can’t afford to turn back now.”
“Well…that’s true. –Looks like she’s gone into an interior room. Something’s written on the plaque above the door. …But I can’t read it.”

“It’s the director’s room. I’m sure that Gallerian, Gammon, and the ‘Doll Director’ are inside.”

The three of them all braced themselves—and then headed for the director’s room.
