The wheelchair in which the “Doll Director” had once sat.

Now Gammon Octo had taken it for his seat.

Gallerian Marlon stood next to him, watching Riliane and the others as they came into the room with no expression on his face.

There was a door that led to even further inside the director’s room, and from there they could hear children playing in high spirits.

There was no sign of the Sleep Princess who had entered before them. She had probably gone to the room farther in.

“—It’s been a while, ‘Gardener’,” Riliane said to Gammon.

“Princess Riliane—or rather, you’re…’Waiter’, aren’t you? So, it’s true that you had been reincarnated.”

“You have some gall to come after me even knowing that much. You’ve forgotten that I’m the one who helped you.”
“Come on, don’t say that. There are extenuating circumstances.”

“We came in here because the Sleep Princess said she’d tell us those circumstances.”

“The Sleep Princess—you mean Michelle. She’s currently a bit occupied for the moment. I’ll tell you in her stead…What do you wish to know?”

Venomania pushed past Riliane and stood before Gammon. “…You look nearly identical. To me.”

“That’s because I’m your descendent. It’s a privilege to meet you, Duke Sateriasis Venomania.”

“Hmph, I couldn’t care one way or the other. …Is this theater an illusion? Why is it floating in the air?”

“This building is not a construct of the imagination, but the real thing. It once housed the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’, and after that this theater’s—You saw from outside that there was a clocktower, yes?”

“I did.”

“There is a man named Adam, who became a ‘gear’ of the clocktower. Explaining him is a bit complicated, but…Well, you could say that he’s a being similar to the ‘Demons of Deadly Sin’ that you must surely know of. He made plans in advance before the world was destroyed. To revive this theater.”

“Why would he do that?”

“We think it’s to protect the ‘Doll Director’. –The fact that it’s flying in the air was also his idea, but there’s no deep meaning in that. It’s likely just a child’s whimsy.”

“This Adam character is…a child?”
“To be more accurate—he ‘became a child’. He was reborn as the ‘Doll Director’’s son.”

Kayo stood next to Venomania and asked Gammon, “Where is this ‘Doll Director’ now?”

Gammon gave a rueful smile and pointed to the ceiling. “Right here.”

“…I’m afraid I don’t follow.”

“This very theater. The ‘Evils Theater’ itself has become her new body.”

“–!?”

At that moment, they could hear a noise coming from outside the room.

It was from the direction of the theater’s entrance.

“Oh my…It seems we have more visitors. …Mr. Gallerian, would you mind taking over the discussion for me?”

“—Not at all.”

After seeing Gallerian nod, Gammon left the room.

Gallerian sat down in the now vacated wheelchair.

“Now then…About the ‘Doll Director’. –Postman. She once dwelled inside that doll that you’re holding now. Ma had breathed her life into it.”

“Weren’t you convinced that this was your own daughter?”

“I was. But I was mistaken. Her true name—is the ‘Red Cat Sorceress’, Irina Clockworker.”
“The ‘Red Cat Sorceress’!?” Venomania was stunned. “IR…That woman must have been wandering the earth for close to a thousand years.”

“Technically speaking she spent about half that time inside Ma’s spirit. To Ma, who was herself trying to become a ‘pure being’, Irina’s existence was little more than a nuisance. So—she shoved her soul out into the doll.”

But Ma had, in the end, been unable to become a ‘pure being’—

“So then…what is your goal, ultimately?” Riliane asked. Gallerian quietly stood.

“…The revival of the world. We already have everything we need assembled here. This theater, and the new ‘Twins of God’—”

He went further into the room and opened the door there a little.

–Inside they could see the Sleep Princess playing with two children.

“The boy is Adam. And the girl is Eve…Perhaps you would recognize her better if I called her the ‘Demon of Sloth’. Michelle made a ‘contract’ with her, and obtained her power as the Sleep Princess.”

“I’m…not getting this. Gammon said that Adam was ‘reborn’. Did that happen with Eve too?”
“That’s exactly right, Postman. The theory at play is the same for what Ma did to Nemesis. The children of the ‘Doll Director’ were caught up in the destruction of ‘Punishment’ immediately after they were born. Because of that they became souls without a sense of self…By fusing different souls with theirs, they were able to obtain a will of their own.”

Having listened to the conversation thus far, Kayo heaved a sigh. “This has become quite complicated… That a doll could give birth in the first place—”

“Is impossible—that’s what you mean to say, isn’t it Kayo Sudou?” Gallerian grinned. “From time to time, things that defy logic and reason occur in this world. A mud king having children with a human woman, a witch conceiving children while a virgin—Those who are born in such a fashion are called ‘Irregular’, and they all have golden hair. They become ‘golden keys’ who shoulder the resurrection of the world.”

Suddenly Venomania approached Gallerian and moved to strike his face.

But Gallerian stopped his blow with his right hand.

“—What are you doing, Duke Venomania?”

“It’s a grand speech, Gallerian. But how did you get ahold of such knowledge? You must have been in hell this whole time just like me, you bastard.”

“…The ‘Moon Goddess’.”

“…? What?”
“I found something. In hell…A path that led to the ‘Grave yard’. And there—with a ‘black box’ I was able to read the thoughts…of the ‘Moon Goddess’!”

Gallerian threw aside Venomania’s hand, and then slammed a fist into his stomach.

“Oof!”

“…And then the world was destroyed and I came up to the ground world, and was reunited with Michelle.”

Gallerian raised up his fist for another blow.

–Riliane gripped his arm to stop him.

“…Then you met with Gammon at this theater, and the three of you started conspiring together?”

“Conspiring? I’m offended. We’re just trying to bring the world salvation.”

“Didn’t you say you needed to erase us to achieve that salvation?”

“Not just you all. Myself…and Michelle as well.”

“…Huh!?”

“The seven selected ‘Deadly Sin Contractors’—Their power is what the target. The ‘Demons of Deadly Sin’ weren’t enough to become a ‘pure being’.”

“You couldn’t possibly mean—”

Bam!

The door to the room suddenly flew open.

“–Oh my, quite a gathering here.”
Standing there was the “Master of the Graveyard”—Banica.

Behind her were her servants and Lich.

“Gallerian, Riliane…Oh, and who is this fine man here?”

The instant that Venomania saw Banica, he deeply bowed to her.

“I am the duke of Asmodean, Sateriasis Venomania. It’s a pleasure to make your acquaintance.”

“…Ah. My notorious ancestor.”

“…Another descendant. I’m meeting a lot of those today.”

Kayo—a descendant of Venomania herself—asked Banica, “There was another man who I thought went out to greet you just now—”

“If you mean the ‘gardener’, he’s currently fighting with my two new lackeys in the hall—Now then, we ought to be able to make a fuss well enough on our own.”

Banica signaled to her servants with her hand.
