A battle of two on one was unfolding in the hall.

“…Honestly, I never thought the day would come when I would fight with you like this—Nemesis!”

Gammon tried to stab at Nemesis with his katana, but she rapidly pulled back and put distance between them.
Allen moved up to stand before Gammon without delay, drawing his sword. He used it to block Gammon’s strike.

“Boy…You’re quite skilled.”

“You too.”

Gammon chuckled, but then abruptly pulled a pistol from his hip and aimed the muzzle at Allen.

Allen panicked and darted to the side. The bullet that Gammon fired right afterwards hit against the far wall.

“Geh…That’s cowardly, a swordsman using a gun!”

“Hey now, I think you’ve gotten the wrong idea. I’m not a swordsman, I’m a soldier. Obviously I regularly use guns too. …I would think it’s more cowardly for you two to be double-teaming me like this, wouldn’t you say?”

With a katana in his right hand, and a pistol in his left, Gammon pursued Allen.

…Now!

Seeing that Gammon’s focus was caught up with Allen, Nemesis fired.

Her bullet soundly struck Gammon’s sword, and it was blown out of his hand.

At about the same time, Allen struck. But no sooner had Gammon blocked that with the body of his gun than he gave a kick to Allen’s abdomen.

As Allen pitched forward from the strike, Gammon lashed out at his temple with his elbow.

“Guh!”

Allen fell to his knees.
…He’s strong. If I weren’t a soul I’m positive I’d have lost consciousness.

Gammon seized Allen’s bangs and pressed the muzzle of his gun to his forehead, putting his finger on the trigger.

Nemesis fired again to keep him from pulling that trigger. But out of her agitation, all three shots passed by him.

Without recourse, Nemesis charged at Gammon and launched a roundhouse kick at him.

But Gammon caught her foot in his right hand.

“Are you still at it? I don’t think you stand much chance at winning.”

“…Maybe so. But shouldn’t you be worrying about your cohorts? It’s not wise to underestimate Banica and her fellows.“

Gammon glanced to the room further in the hall. After Banica and her crew had entered the door had closed once more, and so he didn’t know what was going on inside.

“I know the extent of their power. But we have Michelle on our side. She can simply—”

Bang.

The door opened, and a pair of twins came running out.

They went up to Gammon, on the verge of tears.

“Adam, Eve. I’m a bit busy right now, so go play in your room.”

“…Big sis Michelle disappeared.”

“What!? What are you talking about, Adam?”
“I dunno…She, mister Gallerian, and the others—”

Gammon had left himself wide open. But Nemesis and Allen refrained from attacking further, interest piqued at both the twins and what they were saying.

“…Everyone was defeated?” Gammon pressed.

Eve was the one to reply to that. “By—that blonde-haired missy.”

She pointed in the direction of the director’s room.

At some point, Riliane had come to be standing there.

“Riliane–!?” Allen cried.

At the same time, Gammon fired at Riliane.

She—blocked the shot with her left arm, which had become coated in scales.

“Wha–!?”

“…Don’t get in my way, Gammon.”

Gammon paid no heed to her words, scooping up his fallen katana and then running to stab her.

But before his blade could reach her—lightning that Riliane fired from her right hand struck Gammon’s body.

“…!”

Unable to even utter a sound, Gammon collapsed on the spot.

“Riliane…What’s wrong with you? It’s me! Allen!” Allen shouted again.
Riliane didn’t so much as lift a brow.

Instead, she only muttered this one phrase:

.

“—Come, kneel to me.”
