I am none other than one of the beings who made this world.

Yet I had spent too long as one of the new humans in it.

I could no longer grasp the workings of the world as it continued to change.

–But it seemed that was not the case for Ma.

She was able to foresee that this world would one day be destroyed.

And so, she considered what she ought to do to survive that destruction.
.

The answer that Ma arrived at was to become a “pure being”.

I don’t know what that was.

…An old fogie like me wouldn’t understand the thinking of a young person.

Well, at any rate it seemed that she wanted to become extremely powerful.

.

What became a hindrance to becoming this “pure being” was “pure malice”.

Essentially, Irina and myself who were “HER”s.

But at the same time, we were also some of the components Ma was composed from.

She couldn’t exist if she removed us.

Ma couldn’t preserve herself for very long with only Eve’s spirit left.

.

“If Eve alone is not enough, then I’ll supplement with the other demons.”

That was the extremely reckless conclusion that Ma arrived at.

Her plan was to drive out me and Irina, and fill up the space that opened with “Demons of Deadly Sin”.

.

The first one that she took in was the “Demon of Envy”—my mother.

Yet despite having been absorbed, she did not make any move to obey Ma.
The next was the “Demon of Greed”, Salem.

…Being a proper British gentleman, he unfortunately yielded to Ma all too quickly.

.

By obtaining the power of both Eve and Salem, Ma was able to manage enough allowance for her to safely expel myself and Irina.

But in order to do that, she would need people who could be “receptacles” for us.

The first candidate she considered was the daughter of Hanma Baldured—the girl who would later go by the name “Postman”.

A condition for becoming a “receptacle” was that they had to be someone with so-called “magical talent”. …But in this era there weren’t many people like that left.

Ma searched long and hard, until she finally found someone with such potential.

That was Hanma.

However—there was another problem. The “receptacle” would have to be the same gender as us—in other words, it needed to be a woman. As a man, Hanma didn’t fit that requirement.

It was there Ma laid eyes on Hanma’s daughter, and collected her. Then she tried to move my spirit from herself into the girl using the “Swap Technique”.

For a moment it seemed to have worked, but I quickly came back. Hanma’s daughter had been insufficient as a “receptacle”.

.

She didn’t seem likely to find any good candidates after that.

And when it came to physical bodies that had magical ability—there was really only Ma’s own body, “Kayo Sudou”.

Even so, Ma did not give up.

If there weren’t any to be found, she figured that she would “create” one herself.

And so she grew pregnant with the child of her lover, Gandalf Marlon.

Gandalf was descended from Seth—or, more accurately, Seth’s clone Keel Freezis. She must have thought that a child born with his genes would most certainly be a suitable “receptacle”.

But in contrast to her expectations…inside her stomach was a boy.

And without any recourse, she—

Waited.

For the day when her son Gallerian would have a child of his own.

.

Eventually Gallerian married, and his daughter Michelle was born.

The girl that Ma had been eagerly waiting for.

And yet, even so—

“I still need one more.”

To drive out both myself and Irina, she needed one more person.
The action that she took there—was to have a relationship with Gallerian.

And, disgustingly, Ma grew pregnant with a child with her own son.

.

The fetus inside her womb was connected to herself.

In that condition it was much easier to do the “Swap Technique”.

She would implant a new spirit into the fetus before it could develop its own self.

There was no need to wait for it to grow to adulthood.

Upon learning that the fetus was female using a device in Lunaca Labora, Ma—

Finally was able to move “it”.

.

The one she chose was not Irina, but me.

My spirit data was shifted to a new body—her daughter.

.

In this world there is a certain Rule.

–“The souls of those who are reincarnated shall have their prior memories sealed”—

.

Why did such a Rule exist?

Now I know.
It was implemented by Professor Held and Hazuki to avert our becoming managers of the new humanity.

For if they lost their memories, even a “god”…could be reduced to a mere “person”.

.

I was newly born as a mere child.

Ma…my mother, named me “Nemesis”.

And then—she vanished somewhere.
