This course made using “Ziz Tiama” is largely eaten chiefly in the northern side of the continent.

In particular, the Leviantan region. I hear about seventy percent of the Ziz Tiama caught in the Hark Sea is then consumed in Levianta.

There is an old tale remaining that in olden times, when those in Levianta who called themselves “sorcerers” were plentiful, the Ziz Tiama would often be used as a sacrifice for magical spells. Perhaps it being eaten so commonly in the Leviantan area is a remnant of that.

On the other hand, it is apparently hardly ever eaten in Marlon, which similarly borders the Hark Sea.

–Ah, that’s right, you’re a native of Marlon, sir. Then perhaps this is your first time eating Ziz Tiama? You don’t look to have much appetite.

Huh?…I see. A Ziz Tiama took your family away…I didn’t know, but I am extremely sorry to hear that nonetheless. I will just take this away and have a different dish brought out to you….How does Hark porgy à la meunière sound?

–Of course. I will go have the chef prepare it at once.

–Would you like to eat this, fine guest over there?…Is that so? “Aotako” is your favorite? Thank goodness. Then please, help yourself to this.

…That’s true. Thanks to its appearance, the Ziz Tiama is also called “Aotako”.

Leviantan sorcerers would also allegedly call it a “Very Amazing Octopus”.

In the period where Banica Conchita lived, it was much rarer than it is now for Ziz Tiama to be eaten as food in regions outside of Levianta. Even if Ziz Tiama were caught in Marlon’s Hark Sea, only some of them were used as ingredients for medicine; the rest were almost all discarded.

And with her eye on all of that was Banica. Knowing that the Ziz Tiama was used for food in Levianta, she cheaply imported all the ones that were being discarded in Marlon and put them to use improving Beelzenia’s food culture.

…I’ve gotten a little ahead of myself here.

As for Banica, after her engagement with Carlos was wiped out, she came to fill her life circumstances with eating even more than before.

Her attachment to food was intense, so much so that three years later there was not a person in Beelzenia who didn’t know of her gourmand nature.

When she turned nineteen, Banica left on a journey to tour various countries with her twin retainers Arte and Pollo, to search for yet more types of food.

The Conchita family still had not been given their territory back, but perhaps it was for that reason that Banica was able to conduct herself with a relatively carefree attitude.

Our next story begins just as Banica and her friends have returned to Beelzenia after their long journey–

The head retainer of the Conchita family, Ron, was in the mansion parlor eagerly awaiting Banica’s return.

He had received a letter from where Banica was staying the other day. While the contents itself, that Banica was going to finish her travels and return to Beelzenia, had made Ron extremely glad, the problem was the fact that it had been sent from the country of Lioness.

Lioness was at war with Marlon. As Beelzenia was allied with Marlon, that meant that Beelzenia was also an enemy of Lioness.

In other words, Banica was in a hostile country with only two retainers with her. Ron couldn’t help but be anxious about that.

If things went as planned, Banica would without a doubt be back today. But it had grown late, and he had not heard the sound of carriage wheels or hoofbeats coming from outside.

Had something happened? If it was going to come to this, he wished he had pushed himself to go on the trip with her–and just as such thoughts were going through Ron’s mind, he suddenly heard the sound of quiet footsteps from outside, and then finally the door to the entrance was thrown open.

“I’m home!”

And standing there was none other than the daughter of the Conchita family, Banica.

“Our horse started foaming at the mouth and keeled over very suddenly at the town below. We had no choice but to walk up here, so we’re a little late.”

“Oh, Lady Banica…It has been so long. It seems as though you’ve gotten much more robust than before in the time since I’ve seen you last.”

To call her robust directly was probably rude. But to Ron Banica really did look much livelier than when she had first set out on her journey. Her skin was more tanned, her body had gotten much bigger–chiefly in width.

“And you two haven’t changed a bit.”

Ron shifted his gaze to the twins standing behind Banica.

Their appearance hadn’t changed in the least from before. They had looked childish before the journey–no, ever since they had started working in the mansion–and now despite the fact that they should have been around Banica’s age, they looked vastly younger than her.

“What’s that!? You saying we’re still pipsqueaks!? Ron, I shall take those words as a slight against us. It’s war now, war!”

That was the first thing out of Arte’s mouth, and she started to rampage hysterically.

“Stop it Arte. Ron just let slip that hateful thing because he was so unbearably happy to see us again.”

Pollo followed after her as usual, but Ron had had no intention of slighting the twins.

“Why would he insult us out of happiness!? I don’t understand what you’re saying! –Agh, I’m hungry! Ron, get us some grub!”

Enraged, Arte flung down the luggage she was carrying and ran as fast as she could to the dining hall. Pollo rushed after her.

“…I’m the one who doesn’t understand.”

It seemed their personalities hadn’t changed one bit.

Banica grinned happily, watching the exchange.

“Looks like they’re glad to see you after so long too, Ron.”

“You think so? –At any rate, I’m glad you’re safe. Did your trip go alright?”

“Oh yes, it was very fruitful. I have many tales to tell you of it–but first I need to go let my father know I’m home.”

Banica looked around, and then upon seeing that her father Muzuri wasn’t nearby, moved to carry her feet to his room.

But Ron stopped her.

“Regrettably, Lord Muzuri is…”

“What!?” Banica’s face paled at seeing Ron’s grim expression. “You don’t mean–”

“–He’s resting today after taking his medicine. I think it best you give him your greetings tomorrow.”

Upon saying so Ron quickly returned to his usual smile.

“…What a misleading way of saying that…” Banica said in protest to Ron’s little trick, pouting.

“Ha ha ha. You have my apologies.”

“Good grief…Well, I think there’s one more matter I have to take care of first.” Banica turned around and looked to the door where she’d just entered from. “Has my meeting appointment been secured?”

“It has. Just as the letter I received earlier instructed. But aren’t you tired?”

“I’m fine. Well then, I think I shall go there now. To the imperial palace.”
