Through her journeys, Banica studied the various cooking methods, the cultivation of ingredients, and nurturing methods of many lands.

Thanks to Juno these things ended up spreading throughout Beelzenia, and greatly contributed to the elevation of its food culture.

Because Beelzenia at the time held a vast territory, it was abundant in raw materials to make food; conversely, with the width of its cultural sphere being what it was, the production organization of its various regions wasn’t unified, so it wasn’t efficiently making use of those foodstuffs.

They were in a time of peace, and had no problems then, but it would be difficult to cover for a sudden crop failure, and they did have issues that in times of famine the afflicted regions would slump into poverty rather quickly.

The superb agricultural systems of other countries and their preparation methods that made food easier to preserve, all things that Banica brought over with her, improved upon those problems.

What was more, thanks to Banica ingredients and recipes that hadn’t been taken into Beelzenia before that point ended up breathing new life into its cuisine.

The people began to realize that they had only been utilizing a small portion of their palate. Even just taking pigs and beans and tomatoes that they were already well accustomed to, with just one recipe it could become an entirely new dish.

Meals were essential for survival. And it was for that reason that finding joy in it led to the enrichment of people’s lives.

Banica had granted the people of Beelzenia a fragment of happiness.
