Three years had passed since had Banica returned to Beelzenia.

Ron was summoned by Muzuri, and visited his bedroom.

“You called, Lord Muzuri?”

Lying on the bed was an old man who had become deathly thin.

“Mhm…I don’t really need anything; I just wanted very much to talk with you a little.”

Ron remembered Muzuri’s old appearance. There was no longer any trace left of his master who had been as plump as Banica. To Ron it was intolerably painful to look at.

“If it pleases you, I will be your talking companion for as long as you like.”

“Thank you…How’s Banica doing? Is she in the mansion?”

“Right now Lady Banica is tending to her aforementioned Trauben field. The trees she’s raised finally started to bear fruit the other day. She was in high spirits to begin the winemaking methods in earnest.”

“I see…Banica’s finally made it,“ Muzuri murmured, deeply moved.

Ron understood that he wasn’t just talking about the Trauben plants.

"Oh yes. In appraisal of Banica’s services to this country, Her Majesty Empress Juno has promised the restoration of the territory that was confiscated from the Conchita family.”

This was Ron’s own dearest wish, but that probably wasn’t so for Muzuri. The master looked to have lost all longing for glory.

But even so, a father would naturally be happy at his daughter’s doing well. There was no questioning the fact that for Muzuri, and even for Ron as well, Banica was their pride and joy.

“Reinstatement of the Conchita family’s lordship–But, will the people allow that…?”

Muzuri let slip some of his anxieties. For the people of the territory, the Conchita family were once the villainous rulers who made them suffer such heavy taxes.

But Ron greatly shook his head.

“Everyone is rejoicing. Lady Banica’s contributions with regard to food were just that enormous. And once you have regained your strength, Lord Muzuri–”

“…No. It’s too late for me. Banica will splendidly restore the Conchita territory in my stead. That’s what’s best for the people.

Ron knew that well. But he denied that sentiment in the hope of cheering up his master.

"Don’t say such thi–”

“Hey, Ron.” Muzuri cut off Ron’s words.

“Yes?”

“Don’t you–hate me?”

“…Why would you ask something like that?”

“Because of me…because I made you eat the Baemu…everyone died. I made you and Banica go through such pain. Even now I still feel endless regret for that.“

The old man who spoke with a weak voice had eyes that were filling up with tears. Ron knew that these were most certainly not performative, but tears from the heart.

His master was a kind man. If only he hadn’t suffered that curse, he would undoubtedly have flourished as a great lord.

“…Lord Muzuri. Even when everyone was steadily dying of the Gula disease back then, there was no on in the mansion who said so much as a complaint about you. Why do you think that is?”

“…”

“That Baemu pig had been that delicious. It was so good, you see, that it made us feel that even if we suffered, even if we all died off, it was worth it just to taste it. I at the very least have nothing but gratitude towards you, Lord Muzuri, for letting me eat some–and so I could never hate you.”

“…You are very kind. But even if you and the other retainers forgave me—I don’t think Megour did. So I…have to go apologize.”

Muzuri’s voice grew increasingly quieter. To the point where he couldn’t be understood without Ron bringing his ears up just to his mouth.

And then, he quietly closed his eyes.

“Lord…Muzuri!?”

“So much time has passed…but she’s still angry at me, isn’t she? …Ron, take care of B—”

.

In year 321 of Evillious history, the month of August.

The Conchita family’s sixth generational family head, Muzuri Conchita, slipped into his eternal sleep.

Two months later, the Beelzenian Empire’s Empress Juno relinquished governance over the Conchita territory and decreed the Conchita family’s seventh head, Banica Conchita, as the new lord of the region.
