The one entrusted with watching over the mansion while Banica was out on a trip had been Ron.

Today he was again working hard on cleaning the mansion.

I can do about this much. As for helping with Lady Banica’s work, those twins do it for me I suppose.

It had been about 30 years since he’d started serving the Conchita family, from Muzuri’s generation. And he had become extremely old. He had turned a somewhat painful age for accompanying Banica on her journeys.

“…Good grief. Those two didn’t tidy their room, as usual.”

Ron was currently in Arte and Pollo’s room. Somehow those two were breaking into their tenth year since they’d begun to serve Banica.

Those two really haven’t grown up, have they?

Ron’s musing wasn’t about their attitudes or personalities. It was about their appearances.

Those two still looked like they were children.

They were too young for 25 years old.

They really haven’t changed since the time they were hired into the mansion. And the one who hired them in the first place—

Ron’s thoughts stopped there.

Hiring those two…Yes I must have been the one who decided on that. But—where in the world did I meet them?

No matter how he tried he couldn’t remember.

He was even starting to get the impression that they had just become Banica’s retainers without him knowing.

…Is it my age? I suppose I’m just becoming forgetful.

Ron decided not to worry about it.

Arte and Pollo were Banica’s faithful servants, and nowadays they were indispensable to her.

–He supposed he could be content with that.

He continued to straighten up the twins’ room.　They hated anyone else going inside of it, so if he was going to clean up he had no choice but to aim for an interval when they were out on a trip.

After he’d mostly picked up everything scattered around the floor, Ron went on to set about clearing away the soot in the fireplace. If it wasn’t maintained regularly it would quickly become useless. He was always telling the twins that habitual upkeep was important, but he had no hope that they’d obediently listen to what he had to say.

Oh my…This is…

Ron noticed that there was a small hole inside the fireplace.

Maybe a rat chewed through the wall…Looks like something’s stuffed in there.

Ron thrust his hand into the hole, and touched on something hard.

He carefully tried to extract it.

–He confirmed for himself the identity of the item that was in the hole, and his eyes opened wide.

Why is that…in a place like this!?

What he saw was something he hadn’t encountered in a long time.

But there was no way he could ever forget.

This “wineglass” was most certainly—

–Something that shouldn’t be here.

I shouldn’t…I shouldn’t be holding this. I have to dispose of this somewhere.

Ron quickly stowed the wineglass in his pocket, and tried to leave the room.

However—someone appeared before him to block the door.

“Don’t.”

“Pollo! When did you—”

Pollo, who he’d thought went on the trip with Banica, was there.

And it wasn’t just him.

“You can’t throw that out.”

“Arte!”

Perhaps the two of them probably returned to the mansion without Ron knowing.

But—where is Lady Banica?

Indifferent to Ron’s agitation, the twins continued their half laughing chatter.

“That’s something we’ll need someday.”

“That’s something we’ll need to save Lady Banica from ruin.”

Naturally, they were referring to the wineglass in his pocket.

“Did you two take this wineglass in?”

But the twins shook their heads in unison.

“No. That’s something that Lady Banica obtained by her own will.”

“That’s something she wanted and obtained.”

Little by little the twins drew closer to Ron, their expressions fixed.

“But this is a cursed object! It shouldn’t be here!” Ron yelled at them.

But the twins continued to step forward without minding.

“You’re not the one who decides that.”

“We’re not the ones who decide that either.”

Ron didn’t know anymore if the ones before him were even really the twins he knew.

“What in the world are you two—”

Mid-sentence, Ron finally remembered.

Why they had come to the mansion ten years prior.

–No, he remembered why they had been there.

“Lady Banica will decide.”

“Whether she wants the contract, or death.”

The twins stood a hair’s breadth from Ron.

“We just obey Lady Banica.”

“We just obey Lady Banica’s decisions.”

“So—”

“You shouldn’t get in the way.”

One of the twins seized Ron’s arm.

.

–Yes.

.

The curse was far from being finished.
