Once he heard that Banica Conchita, who had been at risk of losing her life, had safely made a full recovery, Duke Oruhari of the Five Dukes and lord of Grabia decided to hold a banquet in celebration of her recovery.

The Grabia territory was to the east of the Conchita territory along the bank of the Crescent Moon Sea, and because the two were so close together the Oruhari and Conchita families had a long held relationship.

Duke Oruhari himself had been a friend of the former Conchita family head Muzuri since childhood. They had a mutual interest in cuisine, and when they were young they would each boast to each other things like, “I ate a rare dish earlier”, and, “I finally got my hands on that ingredient known for being delicious”.

But after Muzuri was deprived of his position as lord he became a shut-in in his mansion, and when Duke Oruhari came to visit there were many times when he would be driven away on account of Muzuri’s illness. Ultimately, Duke Oruhari had had hardly any opportunities to see him before he passed away.

Privately, Duke Oruhari was deeply regretful of being unable to reach out a hand to Muzuri despite knowing his troubles. It was for that reason that he cared for his daughter Banica as much as he could, giving her various kinds of support whenever she took action towards the betterment of Beelzenia’s food culture.

When he’d heard of her collapse he’d worried about her as if she was his own daughter, and when he’d received word that she’d somehow bounced back he had been relieved from the bottom of his heart.

She probably wasn’t able to eat what she liked much while she was sick. In that case, I should have some splendid meals made up for her sake, oughtn’t I!

With that in mind, Duke Oruhari invited Banica to a banquet being held in his estate that night.

.

The party had already started, but Banica was still nowhere to be seen.

“Looks like Banica hasn’t come yet huh?”

The one who spoke up to Duke Oruhari then was Empress Juno.

There weren’t many occasions where she showed her face at a party being held by a subordinate. Even one hosted by Duke Oruhari, one of the “Five Dukes”. But this time it was in celebration of the recovery of Banica’s, someone she was looking after, and so Juno had readily agreed to attend.

“Seems like her arrival is a little bit delayed. However, I did get a report from a checkpoint guard that Lady Banica’s carriage had passed through. I’m sure she’ll be here in no time.”

“Even so…This is a very extravagant meal! And no matter which you eat it’s all delicious! Even I don’t have many occasions where I eat these many dishes,” Juno said in wonder. In her left hand she was carrying a deep dish of “smothered Ziz Tiama”.

“That’s merely a result of you attending this banquet, Your Grace. The cooks put all their skill into this.”

“Hohoho, that’s a fib isn’t it? Even I know that this meal was prepared for Banica’s sake. She wouldn’t be satisfied with any half-hearted cooking.”

“Well…I suppose you’re right.” Duke Oruhari scratched his cheek with his index finger a little bashfully. “Lady Banica had grown up quite splendidly. In the past she was so shy and withdrawn I was a little worried about her…”

“Quite so. Though I think it would be nice for her to find some good man to get married to one of these days.”

“She needs to give birth to an heir to pass down her position to, yes. Well, she’s a little too overweight, but she has a great personality. She’ll probably get a partner very soon.”

Upon hearing that, Juno leveled a meaningful gaze at him.

“…Hey, Duke Oruhari. You’ve also been single ever since your wife passed on, haven’t you? Maybe for your kids you should start looking for a new—”

"Bringing up engagements all willy-nilly seems to be a bad habit of yours, Your Majesty. Say what you like but there’s too big an age gap between Banica and I. And all of my children are already reaching adulthood. I don’t really think that getting a new mother is all that necessary.”

“Oh? But I didn’t say a single word about it being Banica?”

“…Good grief, what a malicious one you are!” Duke Oruhari shouted in a slightly angry tone, red-faced. Then he left Juno’s side to go make his greetings to the other guests.

.

There was another man that Duke Oruhari visited whose face was bright red. But the reason for his face being red was a different matter than Duke Oruhari’s.

“Looks like you’ve had quite a bit to drink, Sir Yocazki.”

“Oh yeah. Thanks to you I’ve been having a blast.”

Yocazki Ausdin was the man who served as head of the Hark Sea coastline’s defensive garrison, working closely with Duke d'Autriche, the lord of Lucifenia. Beelzenia and the country of Marlon on the other side of the Hark Sea had an alliance, but this was not the case with Lioness. There wasn’t really much chance of Lioness crossing the sea to attack Beelzenia openly, its military might divided by its war with Marlon, but it was clear that Yocazki was a man entrusted with a very important role.

Duke Oruhari frankly didn’t think much of such a rude man, but he had also been a mutual, longtime friend of Muzuri. He couldn’t afford to not stand on ceremony with him for the celebration of Muzuri’s daughter’s recovery.

With a bottle of wine in hand, Yocazki leaned heavily on Duke Oruhari’s shoulder.

“By the way, hasn’t that fatty shown up yet? Isn’t this her get-well party?”

“…If you’re talking about Lady Banica, I’m sure she’ll arrive any time now.”

“I see. Well, almost dying from overeating’s pretty much what I’d expect of the daughter from that family. I don’t know anything about the improvement of food culture, but no one’s gonna take her in as a bride with that body of hers.”

Yocazki and Duke Oruhari were both much higher in status than Banica. Even so, Oruhari would have liked to cut him down then and there for being so unconscionably rude about it. But he had no wish to sully his long-awaited banquet with bloodshed, and furthermore he did have his connection with Duke d'Autriche of the Five Dukes to think about, so he managed to swallow his feelings.

“Sir Yocazki. Try not to forget that even the ‘Blood Grave’ you’re drinking right now is something that Lady Banica collaborated with our manufacturers to create.”

“Oh yeah, this wine’s good alright. Just like 'Yatski l'Opera, or even better. …My bottle’s all empty. Could ya get me some more?”

“…That’s still a prototype, and it’s something Lady Banica had sent over special. There isn’t a whole lot to go around.”

It was at that moment. There was suddenly a ruckus at the entrance to the gathering hall the banquet was set in.

It sounded like Banica had arrived.

“Heh heh, looks like the fatty’s finally shown up.”

Duke Oruhari ignored Yocazki’s words and rushed to the entrance to receive Banica.

“At last you have arrived, Lady Banica. Come now, come inside and we can all enjoy the feast–”

A woman in a red dress stood before the door. Duke Oruhari had begun to speak to her with a smile on his face, but the moment he saw her appearance he suddenly went rigid.

The one there was most certainly Banica. But her figure was completely different from what Oruhari knew—she was a slender, beautiful woman.

There was not a trace of the portly stomach that Banica was known for.

“I’m terribly sorry for being late, Duke Oruhari.” She politely bowed her head towards the duke. “My servants took the wrong path while they were driving.”

The twin chamberlains at Banica’s side looked around the hall with grins on their faces, still not calming down.

Duke Oruhari knew them well, too. They were always around whenever he met with Banica.

“A—ah, I understand, what a disaster. …I see you’ve gotten much thinner than the last time I saw you.”

“You think so? I couldn’t take many meals during the time I was sick.”

“I—I thought that might be the case, so I prepared quite a lot of food this evening. Please, help yourself as you will.”

“Thank you,” Banica said, and after bowing her head once more she headed to the center of the hall with her retainers.

When Duke Oruhari glanced in that direction, he saw that everyone present, including Juno, were shocked at Banica’s transformation. Yocazki was so unsettled that he dropped his bottle, collapsing on the broken shards and getting covered in blood.

.

Banica had drawn the attention of the banquet, but she ate up the dishes that had been laid out before them without minding any of it.

Everyone knew well that Banica was a big eater. But, her old, fatter self aside, it was still a somewhat bizarre sight to see her so thin and still quickly eating up food far in excess of her body weight.

.

Soon enough the night wore on, and Duke Oruhari was starting to think about bringing the banquet to a close.

“Hey Lady Banica. I’m all out of food already,” called out Arte, one of Banica’s retainers.

“Hey geezer. Aren’t there seconds? I haven’t had enough to eat yet,“ continued the other retainer, Pollo, speaking to Duke Oruhari in dissatisfaction.

Duke Oruhari signaled to his own servants a ways off, but they shook their heads apologetically. “Ah…I’m sorry, but it seems as though all the dishes we had made were already set out. Though we had planned to prepare quite a bit.”

“Huh–!? What the heck, you useless geezer–Hough!?“

As Pollo started to complain, a fist flew towards his head.

“Ow! Lady Banica that hurt!”

Banica brushed aside Pollo, who was clutching his head, and chided her retainer’s rudeness.

“…I’m sorry. For these children who have no manners.”

“Oh no, I agree that it is our error that there isn’t enough food. For that I apologize.”

“I would always rather that than there being so much there’s some left behind. Because…if anything’s left behind I’ll be scolded.”

“Hm? By who?”

"By all the luckless people in the word who can’t eat their fill.”

After saying so, Banica abruptly clutched her stomach awkwardly.

“…Well, it is true that I’m not full yet. Please excuse me if this is ill-mannered of me, but as I figured something like this might happen I brought along an 'after dinner dessert’. Would it be alright if I ate it here?”

“Of course I don’t mind. Knowing you, Lady Banica, I’m sure that whatever dessert you’ve prepared will be something exquisite.”

“Thank you. I’ve brought more than enough, so if it suits you you’re welcome to eat with me. Well then, Arte, bring it here.“

At her command Arte wordlessly handed a large basket to Banica.

“Well then, pardon—bon appétit.”

Banica opened the lid of the basket, grasping some of the contents and bringing it to her lips.

In that moment—

“Whaaa!?”

“Gaahh!”

“Eeek!”

Beginning with Duke Oruhari, all the people around them gave out a shriek.

The food that Banica had brought out of the box.

It was—

A swarm of live bugs.

Worms, spiders, centipedes–

Ignoring the commotion from those around her, Banica simply began to devour the bugs inside the basket.

Shortly after she’d started eating, Banica suddenly looked up towards Duke Oruhari.

"Oh my, how unladylike of me. Eating all by myself—if you’d like, you may help yourself to one, Duke Oruhari♥” she said.

Smiling, Banica took out a scorpion from the basket and held it out before his eyes.

"Oh, n-no, that’s alright. I’m quite full…Excuse me a moment.”

Duke Oruhari turned around and started walking towards the entrance.

.

Immediately after he’d left and closed the door to the hall—

He grandly threw up the food in his stomach.

Well then, how was that?

Thus ends the story of the “Noble Gourmand Banica”, the prodigy who spread the Ziz Tiama through Beelzenia and carried out a number of other innovations relating to food.

Oh? You say it’s over too soon?

Naturally, the tale is not finished yet.

From here on we begin a new story–the one of the “Evil Food Eater Conchita”.
