The next day, the daughter of the Conchita family arrived at Marlon Castle as planned, with her servants along. The king, his wife Queen Milkicent, and Carlos received their visitors in the audience hall.

“It is a privilege to be in your presence. I am Ron Grapple, and I serve as head retainer of the Conchita family.”

The head retainer first stepped forward to bow before the king, and then began his introduction of the portly girl who was in waiting behind him.

“This is Lady Banica Conchita, who is next in line to become the head of the Conchita family.”

In reaction to his words, Banica took a single step forward as though pushing along her plump body, and then politely bowed as her retainer had done.

“I-I am very…pleased about these talks of engagement. I may be inexperienced, but I hope we can make the most of this.”

Perhaps out of nervousness, her body was wracked with small tremors, and once her greeting was over she made little effort to raise her head.

Out of consideration for her, the queen kindly spoke up to Banica and said,

“Please, relax your shoulders, Lady Banica. If the engagement arrangements go through without a hitch then this will soon be your family as well. We don’t mind you taking it easy in your own home.”

Upon being told that, Banica finally lifted her face nervously, meeting the gaze of the Marlon royalty before her.

The queen nodded at her while smiling, but Banica returned this question to the queen instead:

“Um…Have, have I done something rude?” She anxiously peered at the queen’s face, and then shifted her gaze to Carlos, who was sulking and looking off to the side. “He…doesn’t look very pleased…”

The queen replied to Banica, a little flustered but still not dropping her smile, “Ah…We should have done introductions ourselves, first. This is Carlos–he is to be your husband. I’m sorry for his unsociability. He’s still somewhat young yet like yourself and doesn’t know how to handle himself around women, so he’s just a little shy.”

“So this is…Prince Carlos.”

Banica stood and turned so she was directly facing Carlos, once more bowing for him.

“I—it’s very nice to meet you…I’m sure we’ll get along very well.”

Carlos himself made no move to meet Banica’s eyes, still facing off to the side, but eventually he merely muttered, “…Likewise.”

The king had watched the proceedings without voicing a single word up until this point, but after confirming that particular exchange he said, looking towards the head retainer, “You should relax for a little while. So am I to understand that Miss Banica’s full entourage would be yourself, and…those two children behind you?”

Standing with distracted expressions further behind Banica and her head retainer was a blond haired boy who wore a black suit like that of a servant, and a girl who resembled him wearing a maid uniform.

Both of them looked as though they were around the same age as Carlos and Banica.

Upon realizing the two of them were there, the head retainer hurriedly rebuked them.

“S-see here! Are you two not going to properly introduce yourselves!?”

At that, the two of them finally, quietly knelt down, and listlessly bowed.

First the girl opened her mouth.

“I am Arte.”

Then the boy continued.

“I’m Pollooo.”

After heaving a great sigh, the head retainer apologized for their rudeness to the various Marlon royals before him.

“These are the ones who are entrusted with taking care of Lady Banica and staying by her side….Please accept my apologies, it hasn’t been long since they became servants after all…”

But rather than becoming angry, the king laughed loudly on the spot.

“Ha ha ha, that’s quite alright. All of our young people are rushing off to war, so it’s just us old fogies in this castle. Having people like you here might make this place a bit more lively–Well then, I’ll have four rooms set up for you all.“

"Oh, no–leaving Lady Banica aside, one room will be more than enough for these children and myself.”

“Now don’t say that. We have plenty of rooms to spare. You’ve come all this way from Beelzenia. You should enjoy yourselves here.“

"You are most gracious. However, as I can’t guarantee Arte and Pollo won’t make a mess of things if I take my eyes off them…perhaps it would still be best we share a room.”

“I see. Then in that case, I’ll have one large room set up for you. And if you find anything that’s not to your satisfaction, feel free to let us know any time.”

The king spoke up to a palace guard next to him, and ordered him to set up a room for their guests from Beelzenia.

The palace guard nodded and left from the audience hall. After a short while he returned, and led Banica and her servants to their room.
