The audience hall after Banica and her servants had left.

Carlos was the first one to open his mouth.

“…That daughter Banica’s pretty fat, isn’t she?”

It was clear that there was some disgust mixed into his tone.

However it seemed that Carlos’ mother’s opinion differed from his.

“Oh, are you dissatisfied? I think it’s much better, a plump woman like that has much more charm. And she looks like she’ll birth some very healthy babies.”

Carlos figured there was no persuasive power to his mother saying such a thing, his mother who was so proud of her slender figure. Being unable to manage her own physical condition was surely proof of her self-indulgence. Looking at just her face there was a bit of cuteness there, but compared to his mother and brothers she was clearly too fat. If Banica became his wife, his brothers would just make fun of him again.

He’d been told she was related to the Beelzenian imperial family. He’d once gone to the Beelzenian Empire when he was a child, and as he recalled Empress Juno and the rest of the imperial family members had all had body types like Banica’s.

Was that corpulent form genetic?

The king loudly cleared his throat, and then glared at Carlos with a stern expression.

“Did you not understand what I told you yesterday?”

Oh, more scolding huh?… Carlos grumbled to himself, fed up, and then replied with a rebellious tone, “I don’t know what you’re getting at.”

“I’m most certain I told you to greet Miss Banica politely. So then, why the earlier behavior? You were extremely discourteous.”

“They’re the ones who were rude. Someone coming into the Marlon family bringing only three servants along. And two of those are kids, at that.”

“This is just a meet and greet. Once the engagement is properly settled they will have much more preparation on their own to do. And those children are, from the looks of it, about the same age as yourself, aren’t they? They might be very suitable as playmates.”

Carlos had no intention whatever of playing with such impertinent brats.

“It’s not just them. Why didn’t Banica’s father–the head of the Conchita family–show up? Isn’t it customary first for the family head to come here and make his greetings?”

Carlos was convinced that this meant that the people of Beelzenia were looking down on the Marlon royal family after all. By all rights it should be the king himself, and not Carlos, who should be pointing that out to them.

But the king shook his head, and spoke in defense of the Conchita family head. “I have heard that Duke Conchita is bedridden out of illness. He’s in no condition to travel, I would think.”

–How shameful. Marlon wasn’t a dependent of Beelzenia. Why did they need to act so servile towards them?

Carlos paced around the king as he sat in his throne.

“You have to hold on to your pride as king. The present situation might be that right now they are the more powerful country. But even so, how is it going to go if we’re always making concessions? The unification of Marlon isn’t going to happen with such a weak att–”

“I know that without you telling me!”

Carlos’ fervent speech was interrupted by the king’s exasperation.

The queen was looking in the other direction with a somewhat aghast expression. The arguments between Carlos and the king were a daily occurrence. She knew quite well by now that even if she were to interject it would only make things worse. In times like these she would just pretend that it wasn’t any of her business.

When Carlos tried to refute the king’s words once more, the entrance to the room opened slightly and the head retainer of the Conchita family entered.

“My humble apologies. It seems that Prince Carlos’ mood has soured on our account.”

From the sound of it, he had been able to hear the argument between Carlos and the king from outside.

Sensing a good opportunity to change the turbulent atmosphere going around in the audience hall, the queen smiled at the head retainer and said, “You’ve done nothing but apologize since you got here. It’s fine, he’s just saying all this to be disobedient.”

However, the head retainer continued on, making no effort to raise his lowered head, “All the same, I am someone who has served the Conchita family for many years. I would appreciate it if you let me say a few words on behalf of Lady Conchita’s honor.”

If the current engagement plans were called off, he would likely take the blame for it.

Sounds like this guy’s a bit desperate for the engagement to go through.

Carlos felt no real sympathy towards the head retainer, but he was reluctant to be thought a pig-headed person by a foreigner.

Fine, he would deign listen to this man’s defense.

“Alright. Speak up.”

Carlos once again returned to his side by the king’s throne.

“Thank you most kindly. Well then–I can imagine that you have already been told that the Conchita family was driven from their position as lords five years prior.”

“Oh, yeah.”

Despite saying as much, Carlos didn’t know very well the specifics on why. The Beelzenian empress was famous for not letting any scandal in her country get out to the public. Although, the news that one of her “Five Dukes” had lost their lordship had reached Marlon, as she was unable to hide that much.

“It is true that on that account there are many terrible rumors going around about the current Conchita family head, Lord Muzuri. However, to tell you what really happened, the tragedy began when Lord Muzuri–or rather, everyone who lived in that household–became afflicted with a certain hard to cure disease–”

“Disease–?”

“In order to fix this disease you need an enormous amount of food. As a result, Lady Banica has been struggling since she was very young. She was forced to eat meals that she didn’t want–Her having become so well-rounded is because of that illness.”

“My, how awful…”

The queen honestly looked to the head retainer with a sympathetic gaze.

But in actuality, the man had made a small fib. It was certainly true that the people of the mansion had caught the “Gula Disease”, however Banica alone had not been afflicted by it. Banica being forced to eat had been due to the abuse of her maddened mother, but in order to sweep that under the rug he had made it sound like Banica’d been sick too.

But all of the Marlon royals present, starting with the Queen, believed in the entire thing without seeing through his deception.

“In order to guarantee food, Lord Muzuri had to levy heavy taxes against his people. In the end, he was censured by her majesty Empress Juno, and he was removed from his seat as ruler of that territory. His sole saving grace is that he did not have his position as Duke taken away, out of mercy to him. Perhaps this engagement will grant us the impetus for her majesty to revive the Conchita family.”

The king leaned forward, and then asked the head retainer, “Is this illness completely cured now?”

It would be very untenable for someone entering the Marlon royal family to have an incurable disease. He didn’t know what sort of illness it was in specific, but if it meant that she couldn’t bear children, then there was really no way he could let the marriage go through.

The king had misgivings about that.

But the head retainer replied to the question, smiling, “Yes. There is nothing abnormal about Lady Banica now. So you have nothing to worry about.”

“She can still have children?”

“Of course.” At that point, the head retainer’s brow creased just a little. “–Lord Muzuri, on the other hand, has become ill with a different disease after many years of anxiety. Even if he were to be restored to his position as lord, it would likely be difficult for him to carry out his duties. –To my esteemed Conchita family, Lady Banica is our last and only hope.”

His expression was stone serious.

Impressed with the way he held himself, the king reclined deeply back into his chair and paid the man a compliment. “It seems that Duke Conchita has held on to an excellent retainer.”

“Thank you most graciously–Due to the illness of her youth, Lady Banica has been alone, unable to make any friends for herself. Those twins, Arte and Pollo…When I hired on those two so close to Lady Banica in age as retainers, it was because I thought they could serve to substitute as friends for her. Thanks to that, our shy Lady Banica has become a little bit more cheerful lately.“

Carlos had silently listened in to the head retainer’s story this entire time, but when he heard Banica’s personal history, he began to feel the slightest bit of empathy for her.

He himself had been physically weak since he was young. Even now he carried with him in his pocket a secret medicine that had been passed down in his family. So that he would be able to drink it quickly whenever he started having spasms.

He’d never been able to make friends either. Though there were always people gathered around his brothers, that wasn’t the case for Carlos. He hadn’t been able to go outside to play much due to his weakness, and above all else all of the children his age were just idiots with no sense of value. At least, that’s what Carlos thought. So he had preferred to be by himself, and eventually people stopped trying to approach him.

He’d wanted to be alone, but on the other hand it was also lonely to always be isolated. By the time Carlos had realized that, there was no longer anyone around with whom he had gotten to be on good terms.

–How had it been with Banica? Had she also been lonely, or had she been a child who enjoyed a solitary life?

The head retainer continued to speak.

He faced Carlos and once more bowed his head.

“Prince Carlos. Forgive me for presuming, but I suspect you are not all that eager to be engaged. But please, don’t abandon the Conchita family—No. Don’t abandon Lady Banica. I want more than anything for her to become happy.”

That’s your problem, it doesn’t have anything to do with me. –That’s what Carlos had intended to reply. But the words that came out of his mouth were very different.

“…I can’t make any promises. I’ve only just met her today. I’ll decide for myself what kind of girl she is, and if she’s adequate to marry into the Marlon royal family.“

Upon hearing that, the head retainer gave a satisfied smile.

"That’s good to hear. This is just my own saying so, but Lady Banica is a gentle, kind, and wonderful person. I am sure you will take to her well, Prince Carlos.”

“Even if I like her, there’s still the matter of what she thinks of me.”

“I don’t think you need to worry there. I have known Lady Banica since she was born. So I know that she already holds some fondness for you, Prince Carlos.”

“Despite me behaving like that to her?”

“Because of that, perhaps. Lady Banica is stubborn–she prefers men who are able to handle her.”

Hearing that from the side, the queen innocently said in high spirits, “Oh my, isn’t that wonderful Carlos? In that case shall we marry you two right away?”

“Don’t make fun of me. I told you. I’ll decide for myself regarding her–Are you alright with that, father?”

Carlos, the queen, and the head retainer all looked to the king at once.

He merely grunted, “Mhm,” and nodded. “That’s what I’ve been saying from the start.”

Carlos walked up to the head retainer and firmly put a hand on his shoulder.

“It’s decided. You said your name was Ron, right? Tell her to just rest from her journey for today. Tomorrow I’m going to show her around the castle town.”

“Yes sir. I’m sure Lady Banica will be delighted. …On that note, this request may be me overstepping my bounds, but…”

“What is it?”

“Do you mind if Arte and Pollo tag along? Lady Banica doesn’t like to be apart from the two of them…”

“…That’s alright. I was planning to have some retainers of my own come along as well.”

Carlos’ expression had become just the slightest bit sullen again.
