The next day, Banica and Carlos and their various retainers and bodyguards went down to the capital city of Bariti. The one head retainer ended up resting in the castle that day, having a fever out of exhaustion from his trip.

There was a bit of fuss with the townspeople upon their third prince showing himself in town, but it wasn’t really to the same degree as an official function, and as the bodyguards were firmly guiding them along no real pandemonium occurred.

As Banica looked around at everything with curiosity, Carlos, who was walking beside her, asked, “Do you like Bariti?”

“…I do. I guess I’d get a different impression if the sun was shining on it a bit more.”

Deep grey clouds covered the sky. But in Bariti this was not an uncommon occurrence.

“I don’t know how it is in Beelzenia, but this town always looks like this. We rarely have blue skies,” Carlos explained.

But Banica merely replied, “I guess so…”, not seeming to appear particularly interested.

What a sullen woman–that was Carlos’ frank impression. He would have hated it even more if she was classless and recklessly cheerful and noisy, but he was still struggling a bit with her being so quiet. Carlos himself wasn’t very good at conversation at all.

“It seems like you’re not too fond of this town.”

After wondering over whether or not he should change the subject, what came out of Carlos’ mouth next were those cynical words. In actuality Banica did seem to hold some interest towards the townscape, but she also didn’t look at all like she was enjoying herself.

Banica said nothing, hemming and hawing. A little irritated at her conduct, Carlos said to her in a somewhat more forceful tone, “Tell it to me straight. I hate lies.”

Banica’s expression turned alarmed for one moment, but then she opened her mouth.

“…Alright. To be blunt, it feels very gloomy here. Though I guess that’s probably because the sky is so cloudy.”

“Wow, that really is a blunt answer. Calling the town where your possible betrothed lives ‘gloomy'…”

“I-I’m sorry…”

Banica cowered so much at that that Carlos somehow felt like he had just bullied her.

Feeling awkward, he ended up trying to cover for her a little bit.

“Oh no, I think maybe you’re right to say that. Right now Marlon is in the middle of a war with our neighboring country. All of our young recruits have enlisted in the army, and the old people we have left are all worked up over it too. So everyone in town is a bit strained.”

“War…I hate it. I can’t stand seeing people hurt each other.”

“Nobody really kills each other because they want to. But in this world there are people who conflict with our sense of values. For the people of the country of Marlon, that would be that lot over in Lioness. They’re all vulgar, savage, and have no manners. You’ll never get anywhere by talking to them. If we were able to do that, the island of Marlon would have already been unified centuries ago. But as it stands the two of our countries hate each other, and are killing each other still. I hear that all of the soldiers who’ve been captured by the country of Lioness are imprisoned in the Bloodpool clock tower, and once there are killed after being subject to ghastly torture. We have to make them stop things like that. We must bring the hammer of justice down on Lioness and restore peace to the island of Mar–”

Carlos realized that he had unthinkingly been ranting at Banica, and cut himself off mid-sentence. Surely there was no lady who actually enjoyed such bloody conversation. He didn’t want to be thought a man with no idea of how to talk to a woman, the issue of whether or not Banica disliked him aside.

But Banica showed no sign that she was ill at ease, instead gazing at Carlos with a genuine expression and asking him, “Then will you someday go to the battle front too, Prince Carlos?”

Hopeless at sword fighting and strategy, Carlos wasn’t liable to ever make it to the battlefield. But he pretentiously replied, “No…I hate such vulgar things as swinging a sword around. And a king standing at the front lines encouraging his soldiers is too old a way of doing things. No matter how many battles you win, you’re not going to get anywhere if the head general dies, right? You have to consider building the new country when the war is over with. And the royalty are the ones who should stand in the center of that, right?”

Banica showed no doubt towards his words as she looked at him.

She just murmured, “I think it’d be nice…if you were to achieve your dream of Marlon unifying.”

Naturally, she herself must know. That their engagement was one of the methods they were employing to that end.

“Banica, do you have any dreams of your own?” Carlos suddenly asked her.

It was probably the revitalization of the Conchita family, like the head retainer had said–he had a bit of an inclination to check that for himself.

But Banica’s answer was a little unexpected.

“I do…I want to eat as many of the delicious foods around the world as I can.”

”Huh? What’s that?“

Carlos very nearly continued on to say that saying things like that was probably why she was so fat, and so hurriedly clamped his mouth shut. No matter how he put it that would be unspeakably rude.

“When I was a child, I couldn’t usually take my meals as I wanted…So I guess it might just be me recoiling from that, but I’m so very happy now at being able to freely choose what I eat. Lately I’ve come to realize that eating isn’t just something I need to do to survive, but something I can enjoy doing, too.”

So it seemed that Banica wasn’t messing around. Her general idea towards food thanks to her upbringing was very different from Carlos’.

But Carlos couldn’t entirely agree with Banica’s way of thinking.

“If you don’t mind my saying so, that’s a privilege of being a noble.”

The general populace couldn’t afford to pick the foods they ate out of preference. It took all they had to just get the provisions they needed to make it by.

“I guess so…It’s because of that that I want to make it so more and more people can enjoy food, without having to trouble themselves over it–I’m always thinking about if there might be some way to achieve that.”

Carlos thought to himself that she was a girl with a very funny way of thinking, quite unbefitting of a noble’s daughter.

I think all this talk about food is making me hungry.

Carlos spoke up to the bodyguards and retainers.

“We’ll be heading back to the castle now.”

In the castle they were currently making preparations for dinner.
