Upon the following year, Empress Juno of the Beelzenian Empire arrived in Marlon. That was for the purpose of holding a conference with King Marlon in order to make doubly sure of the alliance between Marlon and Beelzenia, but at the same time it was also to make official Banica and Carlos’ marriage.

The conference itself was over within a scant few hours. Apparently they talked about things like a breakdown of the details of the aid necessary to win the war with Lioness and repeal of some trade restrictions, but as Carlos hadn’t been present he wasn’t sure on the particulars.

At night, the dining hall was prepared in the castle of Marlon. Attending were Marlon’s king and queen, Carlos and his two older brothers, Empress Juno, several top ministers of the Beelzenian Empire, and Banica.

“By all rights we should be going to Beelzenia ourselves…Thank you so much for taking the time to come here.”

As dinner began and the dishes were brought out one by one, the queen bowed her head deeply to the empress.

“Ho ho ho.” The empress gave out a muffled laugh, heartily shaking her large body and the flesh of her double chin. “Oh never you mind. Surely the king can’t recklessly leave the country while you’re in the middle of a war with Lioness. And there is the matter of Lady Banica’s engagement.”

The empress took a sip of her aperitif and glanced towards Banica, who was sitting two seats to her left. Her eyes were cast down with a much more tension than normal.

The empress good humoredly speared some of her appetizer salad with her fork, brought it to her mouth, and then one-sidedly continued to speak.

“Soon we should determine the official date for the wedding ceremony. I myself think that June would be a good time–Oh, let’s be sure to make the special occasion magnificent. Starting with the ‘Five Dukes’ we’ll bring all of the senior statesmen over from Beelzenia–But will he be able to come? I suppose it’s obvious he will, it’s his own daughter’s marriage after all–”

In that way, the discussions on the marriage carried forward on their own.

There was no consideration of the possibility that the engagement might be called off.

“You’re alright with it, aren’t you Prince Carlos?”

When the Empress abruptly shifted the conversation, Carlos had been just in the middle of scooping up a spoonful of “Cupid Horn Neck Soup” and bringing it to his mouth.

“…Yes. I am perfectly alright with it.”

Carlos had answered the empress’s question thinking she was remarking on the weak flavor of the soup, and asking if he himself was satisfied with it.

Seeing a break in the flow of the conversation that the empress had carried on without halting, the king spoke up to her. “Would it be alright if we held the ceremony in Marlon?”

“Huh? Oh, yes, that would be reasonable. Naturally, we’ll be assisting you with the various expenses involved, like the ceremony and making announcements to the public.”

Should he secretly borrow Banica’s “Jakoku Sauce” and put some into his soup? No, that would be pretty rude to do here–with Carlos rolling such thoughts over in his mind, he wasn’t listening at all to the conversation going through the room.

The empress continued to speak still.

“Banica’s father will be overjoyed as well. In addition to the home of the soon-to-be Marlon bride no longer being his territory, it’s in poor condition. I shall have to think about an appropriate time to restore his position–”

“Excuse me, Prince Cult.”

The one to interrupt the empress’ speech was a male commissioned officer who clearly couldn’t read the room.

He was clad in armor and carrying a slightly dirty cloth bag. When he suddenly appeared in the dining room, he made his way to Carlos’ second eldest brother–Cult, who was also the commander of the army.

“What is it? We’re in the middle of dinner.”

Though despite saying so, Cult made no move to drive the officer out of the room. He was privately fed up with the empress’ endless chatter. So he was using the fortuitous appearance of the officer as a pretext to get out of the conversation, by listening to his report.

The officer straightened his posture and began to tell Cult his reason for being there.

“I’m terribly sorry to interrupt your meal. However, I just had to inform you of the news that the mage we spoke of earlier has just been imprisoned in the dungeons under Middle Tower–”

But it seemed that report reached the empress’ ears.

“Mage?” She leaned forward and peered fixedly at the officer and Cult, appearing to carry some interest. “There’s a magic user on this island?”

Cult turned back to her in resignation, and then began to explain.

“Yes. A ghastly man said to work for Lord Hedgehog, a Lioness noble. He was captured on the front lines by our army the other day, and so I had him brought here to Bariti for an inquiry.”

“A man…Then that’s a little different than the person I had in mind.”

“Do you also know of a sorcerer, Empress Juno?”

“Oh yes. A sorceress with considerable ties to the Beelzenian imperial family.”

“I see…We still don’t know yet if the man we’ve captured is a real sorcerer or not. However, Lord Hedgehog is also a general that commands Lioness’ second army. If we’re able to obtain his intel, then we’ll be able to bring ourselves much further ahead in the war.”

The officer pulled a thin sword-like item and a crafted drinking glass from the bag and showed them to Cult.

“That 'eh-bee-see-aye-are’ sorcerer was walking around with these bizarre items.”

“Hmph, What a peculiarly shaped sword. And is that…a wineglass?”

Upon seeing that, Empress Juno leaned forward even more, her enormous belly bulkily riding on the desk.

“What is it, what is it? Are those some magical tools?”

On the other hand, Carlos had no interest in their conversation, and was still worrying over whether or not to borrow some “Jakoku Sauce” from Banica.

He glanced at Banica. When he did, he saw that like the empress she was still staring at the items that the officer had brought out.

She wasn’t leaning forward like the empress was, but her eyes were stone serious–more than that, they were unfocused as though she was possessed by something.

Does she have some interest in magic?

Carlos thought that was strange. He had never heard anything like that from Banica herself.

But the two of them hadn’t known each other for even a full year yet. It was understandable that there would be sides to Banica that Carlos didn’t know.

“That’s enough. We’ll go over this again but right now we’re having dinner. You are dismissed.”

The empress seemed totally enraptured by the topic, so Cult quickly cut off the conversation and ushered the officer away.

Though the officer had left, and the implements he’d brought in went with him, Banica still seemed to be in a state of shock.
