After that the empress persistently continued to chatter on, the queen would vaguely make sounds of agreement to show she was listening, the king would say a few short remarks when he had the chance, Cult would stiffly force a smile every time he got dragged into the conversation, and Carlos’ eldest brother, Kirk, simply continued to quietly eat. Carlos similarly ate the food that had been brought out to them in silence, but he couldn’t help becoming worried about Banica, who had seemed a little off ever since she saw those tools belonging to the sorcerer.

As that was all going on, the dinner was drawing to a close.

“I am all finished,” the empress said, setting down her knife and fork.

There was still over half of her food left on her plate before her.

“Oh? You seem to not have eaten much,” the queen pointed out.

Certainly at first, the empress had heartily chowed down while talking, but the pace that she’d been eating at had gradually gone down, and in the end she’d hardly touched her food at all.

“Ah…No, I guess I’m just not very hungry today,” the empress replied with an embarrassed tone.

Perhaps the dishes didn’t suit her tastes, Carlos thought.

The empress, just like Banica and those twin retainers, was a Beelzenian. There was a high chance that Marlon’s subtly flavored cuisine wasn’t to her liking. Though she seemed to have tried to force herself to continue on eating to at least midway through even so.

“I see. Well, you must also be tired from your journey, right?”

It sounded like the king had no idea whatever of the empress’ feelings.

Next the queen set down her own eating implements.

“I’m done too.”

“You’ve also left some there, haven’t you?”

This time the king pointed that out to the queen. She had, too, left some food behind.

“They’ve made so much food for our meal today. I could never eat all of it.”

“True, true. I myself am positively stuffed.”

The king could get behind his wife’s excuse, having some left himself.

While it wasn’t to the extent as those other three, Carlos’ brothers had also left some food on their plates. Carlos had somehow managed to consume all of it, but to be sure his stomach was much fuller than normal. The cook had gotten carried away and made too much.

Banica had eaten everything too. She was still a little off, but Carlos was at least a little relieved that she didn’t seem to be sick or anything, as she apparently still had an appetite.

“Well then, I’ll take back your tableware.”

The servants approached the dining table, and began to gather up the plates with all the extra food on them.

Among them were those twins and the head retainer, Ron. There were times when they would help out the servants in Marlon Castle, not restricting themselves to just taking care of Banica. They were probably rounded up today as well so that they wouldn’t be short-handed.

The head retainer was apparently a veteran servant, and was indifferently fulfilling his duties even in this unfamiliar workplace without agitation. The twins too were, unexpectedly, briskly carrying out their work, in contrast to their usual rambunctiousness.

Banica was fixedly staring at the state of the twins continuing to take back food.

Carlos thought that maybe she was concerned about the two of them, but upon further inspection he realized that she wasn’t looking at the twins, but rather what they had on hand.

Banica was gazing at the leftovers that were sitting on the tableware they were carrying.

And then finally she began to restlessly look around at the plates that the other waiters were carrying, not just the twins.

“Hey, Banica, is something wrong? You’ve been a bit strange for a while now,” Carlos finally said to her.

She was nothing but polite during meal times. This was the first time that Carlos had ever seen her act like this.

“…How wasteful.” Banica muttered, gazing long at the meals being taken back, taking no notice of Carlos.

“Huh?”

Carlos was dumbfounded, unable to grasp the meaning of her words. Giving him a sidelong glance, she then dropped her gaze and looked around at the dishes still left on the table.

“…I have to eat– everything…I have to eat!”

Gripping her fork, Banica leaned forward and stabbed it into a half-eaten steak left on the table to her right.

Then she brought it to her hands and shoved the lump of meat into her mouth in one go.

The steak had been left by Cult; and though it was only half of one, it still was fairly large. It wasn’t something that could be eaten by a girl in one bite, but Banica very easily wolfed it down.

“Wha—What are you doing!?”

Rather than seem angered at Banica’s actions, Cult was just in shock. He didn’t even fully understand what had just happened.

Next, Banica leaned forward even farther and snatched a plate further to her right than the steak, one that had dessert pudding on it. Then she swallowed it all in a second, as though it was a drink.

The one who had left that behind was the Marlon royal family’s eldest son, Kirk. He didn’t much care for sweet things, and so he hadn’t touched his pudding.

“…”

Kirk didn’t say anything. Carlos didn’t know if that was because he was a reticent person from the get-go, or if it was because he was so surprised he couldn’t come up with anything to say.

“Still…still more left…!”

Banica stood with vigor. The chair that she had been sitting in toppled over. Then she ran to one of the waiters trying to return to the kitchen and grabbed and tore away the plate he was carrying–or rather, the large lobster that was sitting on top of it.

There on the spot she devoured the lobster. Not just the body, but the shell too. All of it.

“H-hey…Banica—”

Carlos tried to get closer to stop Banica, but for some reason his body wouldn’t move.

It seemed that it was the same with the others. The king, the empress, the queen, his brothers, the ministers, there was not a single one among them who were able to stop Banica, eyes fixed on her bizarre behavior.

I’ll get killed if I get in the way–

That idea passed through Carlos’ mind. In actuality there was little chance of that happening, but he couldn’t help thinking that; Banica’s eyes were wide open and there was drool spilling from her lips, her actions making her look almost like a beast–or something even scarier than that.

“Eat…I’ll eat…Have to eat everything…If anything’s left behind, I’ll be scolded.”

All at once a silence descended upon the calm dining hall.

There was just the sound of Banica eating and her murmuring voice.

And, just one more—no, just two more—laughing voices audible from the corner of the room.

Carlos turned his eyes in the direction where he could hear the laughter coming from.

“Heehee.”

“Heehee.”

And there were those twin retainers, Arte and Pollo.

As everyone else’s faces were twisting in horror, those two alone were calm and composed–they continued to giggle along as though they had known that things would turn out like this.

After that, the engagement between Banica Conchita and Carlos Marlon was called off.

There are several theories as to why–that Banica’s actions at the dinner party had touched on the Marlon King’s wrath, that he suspected she was ill and didn’t want a sick person to enter the Marlon royal family, that Empress Juno cut off the marriage herself to avoid the embarrassment of someone who was of her country going public. No one knows what the truth is now.

At any rate, it’s obvious that what Banica did at that dinner was what caused it. But why did she take such actions?

Banica had hidden something from Carlos. She was a gourmet, but at the same time she was also actually a terrible glutton. It’s been said that the amount she ate in one meal at that point was three times that of the average person.

But whether out of embarrassment of that fact, or perhaps because she had secretly heard Carlos from outside the room the time that he called her fat, she always ate only the amount a normal person would the whole time she’d been in Marlon. Perhaps her hunger had reached its limit the day of that dinner because she’d been living that way for the better half of a year.

Of course, there might be another reason why she would run wild like that.

Such as, for example, if she were to be brought a glimpse of a “demon” that nothing must ever come into contact with–Is that a little too abstract?

Though I suspect that you already understand.

–Ah, that’s right. While the engagement itself broke off, after that Beelzenia sent aid to Marlon just as planned.

Anyway, as the island of Marlon is surrounded by water its great variety of marine life is fairly well favored and eaten by many.

Naturally, you can’t eat everything you find in the sea. Such as–

Oop, your next course has arrived.

This actually quite ideal, so this time I shall tell you a story related to this dish–a story of Banica Conchita’s achievements and successes in Beelzenia–and of the beginning of her downfall.
