The demon lurking in the wineglass smiled.

Tonight she’d been able to see a noisy, fun raid for the first time in ages.

From which it came to be that her master changed again.

It appeared that this time her master was a judge.

But unfortunately, his soul already had a prior contract.

Well, that was fine too.

She would try to carefully see what sort of story the gear who’d fallen into the trap would make this time.

Along with her other friends.

.

The demon lurking in the wineglass remembered.

Her personal history up until now.

The events since that day when she had devoured the demon and taken on its role personally.

Several humans had become her owner.

.

First was that female thief.

She had entertained the demon as she was, but in the end was unfit as an owner.

The “remaining dregs of Sloth” inside her had become a hindrance to the demon.

.

Her next owner had been that sorcerer.

“He” became a “she”, and changed her name as well.

She had hidden inside her a tremendous power, but she had still been unsuited to being the demon’s owner.

They had come to meet many times after that, but each time she’d changed her name and appearance.

Yes—tonight as well.

.

The third had been a country’s princess.

She had greatly resembled one of those twins, but her interior had been another thing.

That had been the fault of destiny being warped because of that sorceress.

Because of that fool being so bothersome, the demon had had to leave from the wineglass that she’d become accustomed to, once.

She had been inside that mirror that had become the property of the judge along with the wineglass tonight.

Even so, if the other sorceress hadn’t butt in she’d probably have enjoyed herself more.

.

Upon reaching the fourth, she’d finally been able to reunite with her.

Her appearance was different, but that time it really had been the true “Gretel”.

She had allowed the demon the most amusement.

In thanks for that she’d granted her more power than the others.

She was now in the glass along with the demon.

.

The Fifth was. Pierrot.

He hadn’t used the demon’s power.

Stupid as ever, it seems he didn’t really understand how to correctly use the wineglass.

He was again with the demon now.

.

She’d continued to pass through the hands of various people after that, and tonight the judge had become her new master.

How much time had passed since back then?

One hundred years?

Two hundred years?

Or a thousand years?

At any rate, the time of the ending was probably near.

The demon leaving the wineglass along with the twins and becoming “Master of the Graveyard” was likely also near.

Then, the demon would devour for sure this time

The entire world.

.

This karma of “evil” will not end.
