–At some point he had gotten lost in a peculiar place.

It was dim, and there was lava flowing everywhere.

Naked men and women had formed up into a line, wordlessly walking all in one direction.

When he followed along after them, eventually he arrived at an enormous door.

.

There was a woman there wearing a mask.

He pushed through the line of people, and advanced until he was in front of her.

Because it felt like he’d met this woman somewhere before.

.

She said to him:

“USE Dark Star Director Gallerian Marlon. You have executed countless innocent people for money—Is this not so?”

He nodded while smiling.

“Oh yes, you’re quite right.”

“A sinner possessed by the ‘Demon of Greed’—It would be appropriate to send you to hell. …However, I shall give you just one chance.”

“Wait. Before that—who are you? It’s only fair to give your name before taking such a haughty attitude with people.”

The masked woman took a few steps from the door, and gave her name as such:
“I am Master of the Hellish Yard. She who judges the dead.”

“I see. So you decide where these dead people go? Whether it’s heaven, or hell. –Well then, what’s this chance?”

“Money. Hand over all of the fortune you amassed in your lifetime. Once you do, I will hand you a ticket into heaven.”

“So I guess it’s true that ‘money is the best lawyer in hell’…”

“You yourself shall be the one who decides. There is not much time left. Decide quickly.”

He didn’t need any time. He had already decided on what he should say.

He told the Master of the Hellish Yard that—

.

–It was there that his eyes opened.

It seemed he had been sleeping.

He looked around him.

This was the director’s room inside the USE Dark Star courthouse. Where he worked.

There weren’t any other figures in the room. On top of the desk before him were laid out a bundle of documents relating to “Fifth, Pierrot” that he’d been reading, still open.

They had been written over 350 years ago, now.

He closed them, and stood from his chair.

There was a knock on the room’s door.

“Director Gallerian, are you in? It’s me.”
“…Bruno? Alright, come in.”

His aide Bruno Zero opened the door and entered the room.

“I have several things to report.”

“I hope it’s good news.”

“First, regarding the theater…the construction of ’Evil’s Theater’ has been completed without incident. Young miss Michelle has been sent along already—Uh, rather, she is living there now. Along with your collection of ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’.”

“I hope Michelle’s illness will improve at least a little bit, being surrounded by the forest’s clean air. –What else?”

“The fugitive Nyoze Octo has been spotted. We’ve estimated that he is currently staying with his girlfriend in the town of Rolled in Lucifenia.”

“I see. Kill him.”

“Understood. Then…I shall have ‘Number 8’ take care of it. They are our most accomplished assassin in the Dark Star Bureau’s Special Maneuvers Task Force, ‘PN’, after all.”

On saying that, Bruno’s brow seemed to faintly pull in.

“I’ll leave the personnel selection to you. I’m quite busy making preparations for my next trial. Once that’s over I have dinner with ‘Ma’—Ah, hold on. I’ve shut down that restaurant already, haven’t I? I wonder where we should go tonight.”

“…There is a good restaurant in Calgaround on Merrigod Plateau. I’ll make reservations for you there.”

“That’s a bit far. Ah, well. I suppose I wouldn’t mind gazing at the plateau flowers while I eat.”
“That’s the full report. Well then, I take my leave.”

Bruno turned around to the door, and started to make his exit.

“—Wait, Bruno.” Gallerian called him back.

“…What is it?”

“Are you hiding something from me?”

“…I’ve just reasoned that it’s not worth bothering you with, Director. It’s fairly insignificant, you see.”

“—Well, alright. I trust you. …As long as you’re not looking to turn against me.”

“…If you’ll excuse me.”

Bruno left the room.

.

There are peaceful times and battles in every era.

Those continue to repeat, until finally—

The world gradually draws closer to its conclusion.

.

This karma of “evil” will not end.
