The island of Marlon.

Rahab was becoming afraid, looking up at the eastern sky as it was beginning to grow covered in black clouds.

“Ah…This isn’t good. Those two…Allen and Riliane—they’ve reunited.”

Salem looked upon Rahab’s expression with amazement. “This again? How many times do I have to tell you that your theory is wrong—”

“…That’s not it. My idea of a ‘formatting’ event is purely theoretical. I mean I—had a dream. A ‘purple dream’.”

“A dream?”

“We were all originally scientists. So I’m sure you’d never go along with such a preposterous idea as a ‘prophetic dream’. Still…I did have one. And in it, when the twins were reunited, the world met its true end—‘ta eschata’–by a ‘pure evil’.”

“A ‘pure evil’? You mean an ‘HER’?”

“No. That’s ‘pure malice’. When all’s said and done they are nothing more than the bearers of ‘evil’. What is being brought into the world now—is ‘evil’ itself….Ah, how dreadful.”

Rahab broke out trembling, and finally averted her face.

–There were those behind the group who had been listening in to their discussion.

“What do you think of what she just said?” Michaela asked Clarith.

“It sounds…hard for me to grasp. But—I can tell at least that danger is drawing near.”

“I feel the same. At this rate…seems like we can’t afford to be idling around here.” And then Michaela declared resolutely, “I—will go to ‘Evils Theater’.”

“Huh!? But the demons—”

“Clarith. Please stay here and look after them for me. I’ll go see what’s going on by myself.”

“Will you…be alright?”

“Haha—I might not look it, but I am a god.” Michaela’s body began to emit light. “I can transport to the Millennium Tree Forest in an instant. Lord Held should be there as well, so I’ll head to the theater after I rendezvous with him.

“—Be careful, Michaela.”

“I will. …Now then, I’ll see you later.”

Parting on those words, Michaela vanished from Clarith’s sight.
