Inside the theater’s hall.

Enfolded in a bizarre aura, Riliane said to Allen and the others, “I have…been waiting all this time.”

“…?”

“For the seven ‘Deadly Sin contractors’ to be assembled. Not the worn-out demons of the old world…but those far fresher, far more sinful people. With them in hand, I—will become a truly ‘pure being’.”

Gammon, still lying on the ground, glowered at Riliane and muttered in a frustrated tone, “Shit…So that’s what it was. It’s no wonder we couldn’t find you no matter how we searched…”

Riliane fired more lightning at Gammon.

But—he wasn’t the only target. That lightning also simultaneously headed towards Allen and Nemesis.

“–!?”

They both immediately ran for cover, but…the lightning fizzled out before it could reach either of them.

“…So it’s you, Eve.”

Riliane glared at the twins.
Eve had her right hand outstretched towards her.

“…”

“Amazing that you would have enough power to counter my lightning even in that form…I have no business with you two. But if you intend to get in my way—I won’t go easy on you just because you’re children.”

“…You ungrateful jerk. Mama helped you.”

“Ha ha, she did. I can’t thank the ‘Doll Director’ enough. Because of the ‘Blackbox’ that she created, my time was rewound just a little bit. Enough that I was able to extend my possession of Lilith’s soul for a short while until the world was destroyed. …But Eve. Do you know why she did such a thing?”

Eve shook her head.

“The ‘Doll Director’ didn’t want to lose even a single friend. –She is more prone to loneliness than anyone. That’s all there is to it. She is a foolish woman, who couldn’t even conceive that this could very well bring about the worst possible conclusion.”

Adam stood before Eve defensively and shouted, “Don’t make fun of our Mama!”

“Adam—How much of your original memories do you retain, I wonder? I would imagine you’ve lost most of them from the reincarnation.”

“…I dunno. But I can hear Mama’s voice. Her voice, that ‘Lu li la, lu li la’ that resounds from the ceiling—it tells me to do this.”

Adam gently placed his hand on his chest.
Upon seeing that, Gammon grew pale.

“Wait, Adam! It’s too soon to—”

“—Re_Birthday.”

As he recited that word, Adam—

Reached deeply into his left breast.
