January 30th, 2AM.

It was about three hours after Lemy’s revival.

Guided by the demon that dwelled inside the red wineglass, the “Glass of Conchita”, Lemy arrived at the northernmost point of Merrigod Plateau, the Apocalypse Cliffs.

It was an enormous chasm. He could faintly hear water flowing below. It seemed there was a river there.

But it wasn’t a height that he would be able to get away unscathed if he fell. Even if he was able to withstand the impact, Lemy couldn’t swim in the first place.

In the pitch darkness, Lemy cautiously pressed forward, careful not to misstep.

Just a bit further. Julia should be by the ‘grave of Pale Noel’ up ahead. Ney said to Lemy.

She was not the “Demon of Gluttony”. There was someone else, a different being, residing inside the Glass. Like Ney, he couldn’t see that being either. Only the voice spoke to him.

Lemy had no memory of having contracted with a demon. It was done without him knowing. So he had no real obligation to obey it. Even if it was thanks to them that he didn’t die before.

But if they told him that his mother was ahead, then he had to keep going. According to Ney, Magician and Sniper were heading that way too.

They would try to bring his mother to harm.

And he wouldn’t be satisfied until he’d gotten appropriate payback against the two of them.

After moving a little ways forward, he arrived at a place that had several large rocks piled up like a mountain. When he moved behind it, he found a cave entrance that went through the rocks.
Go in there. Your destination should be right through.

“But I don’t have a lantern with me.”

Don’t worry. It should be bright inside.

Ney knew a lot. But how did she come to be so well-versed in so many things? He’d asked her several times, but she would never tell him, dodging the question.

After timidly making his way inside, he immediately learned what Ney had meant.

The rocks gave off a faint light. Strictly speaking, the moss that was clinging to the rocks was the thing that was glowing. Thanks to that Lemy still could see inside the cave.

The cave took on a gradual incline that led downward. He advanced, taking care not to lose his footing. The air was pleasant, and a little chilly.

But when he’d made it all the way inside, the coolness gradually lessened. It was as if the temperature was rising.

At the other end, it looked as though the rocks were burning. They were giving off a different light than regular fire. It was blue. Blue flames were burning the moss on the rocks.

If he drew any closer, it might set his clothes on fire. Lemy continued walking while avoiding the reach of the flames.

As he did so—

“Wha–!?”

A ball of blue fire shot at him from inside. Lemy swiftly dodged it. The ball of fire impacted against the rock, and then gave rise to new blue flames.
–That’s the fire magic that the “Red Cat Sorceress” specializes in. It’s been a while since I’ve seen it. Take care, Lemy. You might not die, but if your body gets burned to ashes it might take some time to resurrect you.

He didn’t need to be told that. Even Lemy had put up with heat. He’d once gotten a burn on his hand when trying to help Phoebe with the cooking. He’d had to endure the awful, stinging pain for a few days until it had healed.

“Ney. Who is the ‘Red Cat Sorceress’—”

That’s your mother, Julia.

“–!? Mom’s a…sorceress?”

What’s surprising about that at this point? Did you think a woman that’s able to lead Pere Noel was an ordinary human being? And you yourself saw her magical tools in the treasure room before.

Thanks to the flames and light of the moss, the inside of the cave grew as bright as if it were midday.

Finally, he came out into a wide space. It seemed it was the deepest part of the cave. He could see some kind of pattern tightly carved into the surrounding rock.

There were three people there.

One was Julia. She had her arms spread, and both of her hands were wreathed in blue flames. There was an old grave marker behind her back, and on it was written the name “Pale Noel.”

There were two people who looked to be facing off against her. He couldn’t see them well from behind, but Lemy immediately knew who they were. Magician and Sniper.
“Mom!”

When Lemy called to her, all three people turned to face him at once. And all of them at once looked surprised.

“Lemy!? Why are you here…?”

His mother looked confused. Maybe she hadn’t wanted Lemy to come there. To keep him from getting involved any more than he was–

But it was too late for such sentiment. Lemy had already killed several people, taking his mother’s directions as his own will. He figured now that he’d come this far, he would see it through to the end.

And it wouldn’t be the “lowest end” that Magician had said it would be. He would kill Magician and Sniper, and then revive Pere Noel too. He was confident his mother would do well, even if she wasn’t president anymore. This story would close on Lemy and Julia’s victory.

Magician looked to be even more shaken than his mother. That was understandable, the foe she’d thought they’d killed appearing before them again in this way.

“Impossible…Gumillia surely dealt him the finishing blow. How…”

Looking upon them, Julia sighed as though somewhat put off.

“Hah…Have you learned nothing these past six hundred years? You must have realized that Lemy made a contract with the ‘Demon of Gluttony’. –A ‘contractor’ won’t die. You can’t kill them through normal means.”

“…What!? But, Venomania and Conchita—“

“You at least remember who it was that killed Venomania, don’t you? Yes, Karchess Crim…He had received a ‘certain something’ from his mistress.”

“–’A Vessel of Deadly Sin’.”

“Exactly. The only one who can kill a ‘contractor’ is someone else who’s similarly made a contract with a demon. The one who killed Conchita was the very ‘contractor’ herself. No matter how powerful your magic is, you are powerless before a ‘contractor’. As long as you aren’t borrowing the power of a higher-grade being than yourself.”

“That can’t be true. I’ve defeated a ‘contractor’ once before.”

“Are you talking about Presi?”

“Yes. The Minister of Internal Affairs of the kingdom of Lucifenia, and the man who tried to secure political power using Riliane when she was six years old. I killed him with my own hands, and he was possessed by a demon.”

On hearing that, Julia laughed scornfully.

“He was just using the power of the demon that had possessed Riliane. He wasn’t a ‘contractor’. So even you could finish him off.”

“That can’t…Then everything I’ve…done until now…”

“You could say that you’ve been very lucky. You must be, to survive this long, hardly ever having to face off against a ‘contractor’ directly. And you’ve had a god acquaintance who stepped in to save you when you needed it. But Held is no longer in this world. And what can the likes of Michaela do, having only just been promoted from a spirit? –There’s no one left to save you now!”

Right as she finished speaking, Julia released a ball of fire from her right hand.

It was headed straight for Magician, but it dispersed as though striking against an invisible wall.

“…I don’t need help from any god. Right now I—Elluka Clockworker—can defeat you all by myself.”

“—Don’t you dare go by that name!”

Elluka continued, ignoring Julia’s angry cry. “Julia—no, ‘Irina’. You aren’t a ‘contractor’ yourself, are you? So I shouldn’t have any problems.”

“Heh heh…Then strike at me with your favored magic. Even if you do, all you’ll injure is ‘Germaine Avadonia’’s body. You can’t finish me off.”

“—I’ll have to destroy the red cat that’s your real body. It looks as though you’ve hidden it somewhere…. I’ll have to take my time looking for it after I defeat you.”

Elluka started to gather lightning in her hand. Sniper followed suit, aiming her gun at Julia.

“Like hell you will!”

Lemy took out his knife and ran towards Elluka.

But Sniper quickly moved to cut Lemy off, and wordlessly fired her gun.

The gunshot reverberated through the cave. The bullet directly pierced Lemy’s heart.
“Guh…”

Lemy fell to his knees, clutching his chest. Blood gushed from the wound.

But he soon stopped feeling any pain. The wound steadily closed up, and the blood stopped.

“My recovery’s much faster than it was earlier…?”

That’s because you’re directly holding the glass. Our Lady’s protection is strong.

“Thanks for the explanation, Ney. …I got it, that’s pretty handy.”

Lemy stood once more.

“…Like a dead soldier. No—those monsters didn’t have such a quick recovery power.”

Sniper was expressionless, but there was a faint bit of sweat on her forehead. That wasn’t from the heat inside the cave.

Give up, Gumillia. Those who’ve contracted with the “Demon of Gluttony” have an especially strong healing power. Your precious gun is useless against Lemy!

Could Ney’s voice reach Gumillia? He didn’t know, but with a practiced motion she ejected all the bullets from her gun, and then loaded it up with different ones.

“If lead bullets are no good—then what about this?”

A beam of light fired from the gun, and enfolded Lemy’s body.

“Ghuh!?”

Assailed by an extreme pain, Lemy was blown backward.
“…”

–But after a few seconds, he once more stood up again. His clothes were in tatters, but there wasn’t a scratch on him.

“Even magic bullets, won’t work…” Gumillia murmured.

Blue fire shot towards her from behind.

“Could you not bully my child?”

Julia had released that fire. Gumillia had been focused on Lemy; when she noticed them and turned around, the waves of flame were already upon her.

Immediately afterward, there was a flash of green light and a thunderous roar. A much louder and more earsplitting noise than the one Gumillia’s gun gave off. In the span of a second, all of the flames had been extinguished.

“—Gumillia’s not your foe. I am, Irina.”

Elluka had her hand thrust out in front of her. She had dispelled the fire by releasing the lightning that she held there.

“…What a pain you are.” Julia once more summoned her flames to hand.

“You’re certainly persistent.” Elluka too began preparing to fire lightning again.

“…” Gumillia wordlessly pointed her gun at Lemy.

“That’s not going to work. You’re clueless, you know that?” Lemy gripped his silver knife.
And so—

Santa Claus.

Pierrot.

Magician.

And Sniper.

.

The curtain opened on a four-way duel.
