–Her first vision.

She was looking down upon the world that spread out before her from the window of a peculiar building flying through the sky.

“This is amazing!” she said to the boy next to her, excited.

But he didn’t appear to have much interest in the scenery.

“What’s so cool about it? It’s just an empty field with nothing in it.”

The boy looked like someone.

She couldn’t remember who, but regardless she felt as though the boy, and whoever he resembled, were very important to her.

“But it’s full of people!” she argued with him.

Still, he shook his head, apathetic.

“Those aren’t people. They’re souls…Everyone’s died. This world was destroyed.”

The moment he said that, she grew desolate.

Everything she could see from the window appeared to lose its color.

“Can’t we put it back to how it was?” she asked the boy.

But he replied brusquely, “Nope.”

And then the boy put his hand on his chest.

“We can only do it all over again.”

.

The next moment, everything before her eyes was enveloped with light—

And it all vanished.

.

–Her second vision.

She was laughing.

Laughing like she had gone mad.

For some reason she couldn’t stop herself.

A woman that was several times her size was holding her neck.

But it didn’t hurt.

On the contrary, she couldn’t help but find this situation humorous.

She looked at the face of the woman squeezing her neck.

On her expression was a mix of hatred—and also pity for her.

That, too, was unbearably funny.

…The woman whispered something.
In that moment, her vision was steadily glossed over with a pink light.

She stopped laughing.

And then realized.

That this woman who was gripping her neck was the very person who had destroyed the world.

Inside this light the woman’s appearance was gradually transforming—

And finally, she became an enormous monster.

.

It looked like a dragon with sharp claws—

Or a bear covered in thick fur.

.

–Her third vision.

She was just loitering about inside a small home, not doing anything in particular.

A fire was roaring away before her.

It was a furnace to use for cooking, and at the same time a hearth to ward off the cold of winter.

Something seemed to be cooking in the pot, but it was far too much for one person to eat.

When she looked beside her, she saw a man sitting about absentmindedly.

He looked like that boy, but he also looked like someone else.

From behind her she heard the door open.
When she turned around she saw an adorable boy and girl.

When she saw them, tears overflowed from her eyes.

My precious—

Most cherished—

Children.

The twins smiled and said to her, “We’re home”.

.

And before she could reply to them, “Welcome home”—

.

The world was enveloped in darkness.
