When she came to, Eve had returned to the round hall, and was talking there with Miroku.

“…I see, so that’s what happened…”

Miroku was nodding along in understanding several times.

It appeared that she’d relayed some information to him, but Eve couldn’t remember any of what she’d said.

What is this? When did I—

Giving a side-eye to a bewildered Eve, Miroku nodded deeply once more and sat down in a nearby chair—and then he said to her, “So it seems certain after all that you…I mean, Your Worship, will become the next queen.”

“Huh!?”

“Your Worship was able to safely meet with the current queen, and heard the ‘voice of the gods’—Or perhaps ‘saw’ would be more accurate.”

“…”

“The destruction of the world, and the ‘Twins of God’ who will make it be reborn someday…Your Worship received these visions of the future from the gods, and relayed them to me. There can no longer be any doubt that you possess the traits to become queen, Lady Eve.”

Those visions she’d seen when she lost consciousness—

Had that really been the ‘voice of the gods’?

“Um, er…” Eve glanced around her, and then asked Miroku something she was curious about. “Where are Miss Zellana and Mr. Fugen?”

“…” After gazing at Eve’s face somewhat doubtfully, Miroku paused and asked, “…Senator Asayev has returned home…Bearing the corpse of the priestess.”

“…Huh? Corpse…”
“Do you truly remember nothing?”

“Um…I’ve been in a bit of a stupor for a little while…”

“I see. That’s understandable, after coming into contact with the ‘voice of the gods’ for the first time. …After you returned, Lady Eve, Zellana went to perform the test herself. A short while after she entered the ‘Hall of Glass’ in the temple—she gave a maddened scream and came racing out from the door to the ‘First Wall’.”

“…”

“And then she lost consciousness on the spot. …She expired several minutes later. Unfortunately, women who don’t have what it takes cannot withstand the test…That is what that means.”

Though Miroku explained with a sad tone of voice, on his lips there appeared to be a faint smile.

“I…see.”

“There’s nothing for it. Zellana was prepared for it to turn out that way when she took the test.”

“Huh?”

“Those who cannot surpass the test receive a ‘divine punishment’…All of the people at the Royal Capital who study our history know of this.”

“…”

“Now then! Adjourn back to the institute for now. In a few days hence, Your Worship will be impregnated with the ‘Seed of God’.”

“The Seed of God?”
“Yes. It’s something that’s vital for the advent of the ‘Twins of God’ into this world. As for the specifics…You should ask Adam, as the project head.”

“…Okay.”

“Once everything is safely finished…the world will be saved, and Your Worship will become the new queen of this country!”

…Eve had several doubts in her heart.

First was that she had finished the test without ever learning what kind of person the current queen was.

If Eve were to become the new queen…what would become of her then?

And…why was Miroku so pleased, when he was going to lose his current position when the time came?

But at the moment Eve didn’t have the willpower to ask Miroku about any of that.

Geez…I’m exhausted.

She wanted some coffee.

For now she would follow Miroku’s urging and head back to the institute.

She’d be able to deliver the good news to Adam, who was waiting there.

…On the other hand, Eve was a little bit angry with him.

“Don’t need to do any real preparation”, what a crock!

He had said it like the queen test was without any significant danger.

But if she’d made just one mistake–

Eve might have ended up like Zellana.
