Yesterday, at the ball, the prime minister Minis was attacked; although he managed to have a narrow escape, he was seriously injured; hence, he
didn't attend the meeting. Although the prisoners were immediately killed by the pro-guards, the mere fact that the Palace actually had an
assasin that sneaked into it -- is insane.

The Elphegort war continues. Riliane's objective was achieved, the ministers propose to take the opportunity and have full control of Elphegort
in one fell swoop.

What really concerns me is the headquarters of the Levin religion in the north of Elphegort: the existence of Divine Levianta. Levianta is
Elphegort's ally; people once feared that they will join forces with Elphegort. In fact, Levianta was persuaded by Elphegort to be an instrument
to cease the attacks, but Riliane tore them apart. Levianta wasn't destroyed due to their precept: "The army could only be used to defend
ourselves", and not send Elphegort reinforcements.

The small country had no choice but to follow the decision of the powerful Levianta; so Elphegort is in a helpless situation.

However, the remnants of the military resistance for Elphegort's Royal family are much more tenacious than expected, and now, it's getting
imminent. The ones who guard Lucifenia from being attacked by other countries: armies from the southern Retasan Fortress, the northern
Babul Desert, and even other armies in the Palace are very weak.

The Marlon family kept silent during the war. Neither Elphegort nor alliance with the Lucifenian reinforcements; I don't know what their
intention is…… However, taking into account the cause of the war, I guess they really can't just act rashly.

The meeting continues.

"In short, we must not let such thing happen again. We must strengthen the garrison!"

"But what about the shortage of troops!"

"How are we gonna handle this situation……"

A condition overthrows another condition. In any case, it's obviously not the best of both worlds.

"I remember…… Allen mentioned something about mercenaries we could hire……"

Riliane said.

"You mean Gast Venom? However, hiring mercenaries only……"

"Wait! Gast Venom's mercenary group is also nearby…… Interesting! If those troops would be enough……"

"I object! Those guys really have the strength, but they have long been notorious. How could we let those kind of people enter our palace……"

After that, the meeting continued. But in the end, they decided to hire the Mercenary group. A drastic measure. This is the current status quo.
