♦Allen~Lucifenian Palace's "Hall of Mirrors"~

"Thank you very much for humbly hiring us."

At the Hall of Mirrors, Gast Venom knelt down in front of Riliane.

"So you're the 'Demon of Asmodin', Gast Venom…… You do have a beautiful face. I thought you were a woman."

"Haha, I've always been such. However, I hope you don't judge a person by his appearance."

"I know. I've heard you had a decision with Leonhart of victory or defeat; unfortunately, that guy's dead. In conclusion, I look forward in seeing
your capabilities."

"I'll live up to your trust."

"Well then…… Allen! Walk Gast around the palace."

After finishing, Riliane left the room. Gast watched her figure significantly.

"Watch your words or else you'll get beheaded."

I openly said. Hearing this, Gast showed a shy little smile and looked back at me.

"Haha, sorry…… She looks a bit like someone I know, so I accidently got absorbed."

"…… Please let me lead the way for you. This way please."

The two of us left the Hall of Mirrors together, walking through the four corridors.

"Here is your room, Gast Venom; a room modified by the servants. It's a little narrow but I hope you understand."

"No, this is very good. I am very thankful as long as I have a place of shelter."

"The other mercenaries are discontent with staying at the palace, so the mercenaries other than Gast-san only live in the city."

"Well, that doesn't matter."

After finishing, Gast stared at my face.

"You look like the Royal Highness; are you siblings or something?"

"…… No, although I get that a lot. But there's a saying that there are three people in this world who look similar to you."

"Oh really…… nevermind. I'm hungry; can I have something to eat?"

"I'll get your food; please wait."

I walked towards the direction to the kitchen.

"I've got it."

Mariam stood there holding food.

"The Head of Maids!"
