♠ Germaine ~ Lucifenia Kingdom “Bar” ~

“Germaine, how is it? Want another drink?”

I refused York’s urge for me to drink.

Since the day father was killed, I finally got the chance to taste wonderful tasting wine. I once was so fond of wine; every day, I would get a
hangover and become a speechless drunk.

I don’t know whether I will be able to drink delicious tasting wine until that day comes.

“You have been drinking less. Previously, you can drink 20 shots but now you can’t even drink 10 shots?”

"…I think you've drunk too much."

By my side, a white-haired girl staring at me interrupted.

"Really? Does Clarith want a glass too?"

"No York, I'm just here to report"

The girl named Clarith said and stepped back. Well, I think we should not let her drink too much for her own good. Previously, she tried to
drink and ended up drunk. She was laughing and crying on while moving about. My father, too, would also cry when drunk.

“Keel-san also decided to help our resistance movement”

Business magnate Keel Freesis, he was released from the palace with his family from being imprisoned. Although he's Elphegort house was
burned, it seems that all of his property was successfully transferred.

Clarith was the maid of Keel Freesis’s wife. Keel managed to get in contact with her and today, we finally agreed to give us materials for the
resistance.

“I have to thank that "cloaked woman"

York muttered.

Lucky enough we were able to contact Keel. And that York called over that "cloaked woman"... Keel was placed under house arrest; she made
contact with him, and thanks to her, we don’t have to be worried about material problems.

“Clarith, I always wanted to ask… do you want to participate in the resistance movement?”

“…….”
