I invited her, Clarith just hung her head in silence.

“…I…”

“… I have a friend who killed my most important friend, that evil girl killed. I hate her. I hate the daughter of evil. Hate to the degree of killing
her but… I’m just a weak person. Germaine, not only are you powerful, but also have the courage to challenge the ones in power. I’m just a
weak person, so… I’m sorry”

Clarith slowly and quietly said. Tears flowed from her eyes.

“… I understand. Never mind, I owe you an apology. What I said was reckless”

“… No”

“Clarith, what do you plan on doing?” Clarith replied head down.

“I want to find a quiet place alone to live in. Keel-san also gave me a place to work”

“Yes… I hope you stay safe”

“Thank you. Germaine… I pray for your revolution”

After giving a stiff smile, Clarith left the bar.

I can’t blame her. Everyone has their own place.

"G-Guests, that won't work!"

Suddenly, a cry was heard coming from the store owner. It seems to be coming from inside the store, looks like there is a little conflict.

“Why? It’s so difficult to drink alcohol and you intend to get my money?”

“Difficult to drink……? You drink too much!”

Seems to be two guests – a bearded man and a thin man – want to repudiate their wine account. The two men are dressed in magnificent
armour, soldiers of the palace?

“Listen well, we are have been protecting since this country’s grandpa! And yet, you want me to give you money… Are you not too shameless?

The Bearded man said proudly.

“As my brother said, you should understand our situation and let us drink for free for the days to come.

The thin man added, smirking.

“The soldiers of the palace are not behaving well”

I muttered. York had a calm face.

“If it is a former Royal Palace soldiers…”

I interjected:
