♦ Allen ~Lucifenia's Training Ground ~

There is a collection of soldiers outside the palace.

Gast has been surrounded by three soldier. They seem to be venting their anger for Gast Venom:

“I never liked you mercenaries!”

“Because of you mercenaries, our reputation as palace soldiers plummeted”

“Since you are the leader, you have to take responsibility!”

It is true that because of the mercenaries, the city is now in chaos.

Theft, rape, murder… they do whatever they want through the authority of the palace.

“Though we are a mercenary group, we are not really a group”

Gast replied with a look of frustration.

“We just stick together for money, looking for employers. What the others do is not my responsibility”

However, the soldier’s anger did not subside. Upon hearing this, one of the soldiers even flushed and shivered.

Gast continued:

“… Moreover, I heard from the mouth of a mercenary that there are disturbing trends. The people seem to look at it as a big deal. I’d be more
alert if I were you”

“We did not receive a report in this regard! And you don’t take any credit at all!”

“… Oh my, it seems the great Lucifenian Army is just a name. It would appear that Lucifenia’s days are now numbered”

“You, damn you~~! I dare you say it again!”

One of the soldiers pulled out a sword. This is bad, if this is not stopped……!

---Boom---

…Suddenly, the sword of the soldier dropped.

What was that? Just what happened?

“Haha. HAHAHAHAHA!!"

In the frightened eyes of the two other soldiers, Gast turned and left.
