♠Germaine~Lucifenian Royal Palace’s “Forest of Bewilderment”~

The base built for the resistance movement.

Today is the last time we will use it.

I knocked on the door in accordance to the code we use.

“Who are you?”

A voice from inside

“Germaine Avadonia”

The door opened slightly. York took a glimpse first to confirm before opening the door.

“Thanks for hard work, York”

“Well, everyone is here. How about it? Wanna drink?”

“……Let’s not talk about it. Wait until we have finished everything”

Besides me, there are five other men and women. York, Minage, Sekka, and Mark, as well as ... a blue haired, masked man.

“Let’s make our final confirmation. Firstly, the number of people”

Minage replied:

“We built-up a large amount of people; Not just from Lucifenia but also from Elphegort. And… soldiers from the masked man”

“That is the question”

York interrupted.

“Hey, masked man! Can we really trust you? Not only are you guys outsiders, you’re all armed with elite swords! And also that mask of yours;
a suspicious guy like you joining this operation is not reassuring”

The masked man looked at York and quietly replied:

“…… Is there a problem? We have the same interest of overthrowing the royal palace, is it not?”

“I can’t believe what you say!”

“Hmph. Stubborn man”

“…… This guy!”

“Both of you! Shut up!”

Seeing the two men fight, Sekka was quick to stop them.

This masked man… It seems I’m vaguely of him. I’m afraid I’ve seen him before. According to the intelligence given by the cloaked woman… we
have to correspond with each other; I understand his motive for his participation in the resistance movement and about why he hides his true
identity with a mask.
