“I processed LeonHart’s armour to your fitting. His sword is too heavy for a girl so I replaced it with a lighter one and I placed his swords
heraldry to your amour near your neck. Is it too much?”

“… No. Thank you, old man. I am very pleased”

I hold tight unto the red armour. Father, we will always be together.

“Oh right”

The old man brought out a large object wrapped with cloth. He untied the cloth.

“Hey old man! What is it?”

Mark shouted. It was very large and rugged sword.

“This is a ridiculously large sword, even York can’t use it. Did you get the wrong model?”

“This is not for you… at least not today. Germaine, I will give it to you in the future… That’s about it, I pray for your victory”

The old man headed for the door. I stopped him:

“Hold on old man! -- The child, can I really?”

“--- A-Ah, I’ve already made up my mind”

The old man looked around the room, and then nodded with satisfaction then he left.

We are now complete and ready. Next is… I’m a little concerned about some things.

“York, I asked you before, about Allen…”

“Ah, your righteous brother?”

“Is there no way to bring him out of the royal palace? I really don’t want him to get involved in this”

York gave a little consideration but he somewhat regrets it:

“… No, I can’t. Intelligence should not be leaked to the royal palace”

“Allen’s strong sense of justice will surely help us…”

“According to the report… The intelligence given to use by the cloaked woman is that the relationship between Allen and the princess is very
intimate. Moreover, Allen and the princess, being identical, and are man and woman of the same age, is impossible to separate”

“Allen and that “Daughter of Evil”……?! Even though he knows father’s situation, but still… Why is that?”

No, think about it, Allen wouldn’t lose to anyone even to father’s sword. If that’s the case, he should be able to escape the palace on his own
right? I will choose to believe in him.
