The life and death of Meta Salmhofer was still unknown even now.

She had escaped along with the “Twins of God” that she’d birthed in the second iteration of Project “Ma”.

None of the searches conducted afterwards were able to glean her location.

This man, Cain…Is he a relative of Meta?

If Meta was still alive, he would need to be wary.

She was the owner of considerable magic power, and was once one of the top brass of Apocalypse, commonly called the “Witch of Merrigod”.

The Magic Kingdom had already been destroyed, but…even so, having once been a senator himself, there was a non-zero chance that Meta would treat him with hostility.

Well, first thing’s first…I should verify that up ahead are the genuine “Twins of God”…I’ll worry about the rest after.
Nyoze hurried on ahead.

.

–When he arrived at his destination, Nyoze realized that he was too late.

“This can’t be…what in…”

The house that should have been standing there had already burned down.

From looking at its remains, the burning had happened relatively recently.

“…I suppose I should still investigate first.”

Nyoze took a step onto the smoldering ruins.

And immediately found…”it”.

“–! ….Shit.”

It was a dead body.

He couldn’t tell who it was from all the burns, but it seemed to have been an adult male.

Had he died in the fire, or—

There was something that looked like it had been an oven made of stone.

Was this the source of the fire?

Nyoze peered inside.

“…How gruesome.”

Another dead body.
This one was charred so badly that he couldn’t even tell the gender.

But…I can tell it’s not a child, at the very least.

That made two corpses.

Both of them were adults.

He couldn’t find anything else that appeared to be a dead body other than those two.

There was no sign of anyone alive…or any twins.

This was a place far removed from the village, and surrounded only by trees…There were no other houses around.

As for anyone who had witnessed the fire—even if there were, it would have been only squirrels and birds.

And unfortunately, I don’t have the power to converse with animals.

He left the burned husk and decided to look around just to see if the twins might be somewhere nearby.

Despite being in the middle of the woods, it seemed that the flames hadn’t caught on any of the surrounding trees.

If they had, there would have been a much greater list of casualties.

There were many trees that were withered. This likely hadn’t been a result of the fire.

The impact of the “black wind”…Has it reached even here deep in the woods?

Nyoze’s point of concern wasn’t this forest or the country of Elphegort…but rather his homeland, Levianta. He wondered if that land, the origin point of the “black wind”, would ever grow life again after this…

Though he puttered about in and around the trees for a time, he didn’t find anything.

He decided to return once more to the burned-out house.
“…Hm?”

Someone was before the ruin.

It was a woman.

A young woman was staring expressionless at the burned remains.

“Hey, you there,” Nyoze spoke up to her.

The woman turned to Nyoze, and gazed at him coolly. “…You can see me?”

“…? Uh, yeah…Who are—”

“I know someone who looks a lot like you. …I did hear once that he had a younger brother.”

“You know Gammon? …What’s your name?”

“—Meta Salmhofer.”

“–!”

Nyoze instantly tensed up.

But Meta gave no indication that she was suddenly going to attack.

She was much younger than he’d thought she’d be. As far as he’d known, Meta should have been close to or slightly below him in age.

“So then, this was your house after all?”

Meta shook her head at Nyoze’s question. “No, it wasn’t.”
“Then…did you kill the occupants of this house?”

“That too is inaccurate—You came over to visit the people who lived here, huh?”

“I heard that a man named Cain Daybreak…and his children lived here.”

“Again you’re mistaken. Cain is a false name. His real name—is Adam. And he doesn’t have any children.”

“But I was told that he brought twin children over to the nearby village.”

“…They were kidnapped. By Adam’s wife.”

“Then you’re saying they aren’t really their children–?”

–Hang on a tic. Adam…I know that name.

In the first iteration of Project “Ma”…The name of the scientist in charge of it had been “Adam”, he was sure.

“Meta. Can you confirm for me…Are those twin children yours—the ‘Twins of God’? There’s no mistake?”

“…Yes.”

“Where are they now?”

“Even if I told you, it wouldn’t do you any good.”

“Why?”

“I can guess what your aim here is. But you’re too late. The twins have already unleashed them—the ‘Seven Deadly Sins’.”

Meta spread both arms into the air.
When she did—two gears appeared there.

“These…are the memories of the ‘Twins of God’ you have searched for. Hänsel and Gretel.”

“Ah…good grief…More ‘gears’,” Nyoze griped without thinking.

“Do you not like gears?”

“It’s not a matter of whether I like them or not. …Very well. Will they let me see what happened here?”

“It’ll keep the explanation brief.”

The gears began to shine.

“This was karma…Adam and his wife Eve receiving their just deserts…For me, that’s all it was. But I suppose it’s a little different for the world at large.”

.

The light swallowed up the burned house and the forest.

And then, in the next moment, a new forest and a small wooden hut sprang up in their place.
