If you want the world to become more interesting, someone must act as the enemy.

And so, the Creator made his choice and IR was born.

She embraces the ‘evil thoughts’ that follows through birth and spread the 'evil thoughts’ around the world and at the same time, imprint it within her genes.

People who are similar to IR, people who spreads evil thoughts are termed as 'hereditary evil raiser’, AKA 'HER’.

The birth of a 'HER’ is rare within normal people. During pregnancy, the chance of the baby being a 'HER’ is 1 in 65535, and the chance of the baby successfully being born into the world was only 1 in 9999, for the current world to have 1 or 2 'HER’ is already considered as a lot.

That was the chance of the baby being 'HER’, provided that the parents are both normal humans. If one of the parent is a 'HER’, then there would be a very high chance for the baby to be a 'HER’. That’s why the exact number of 'HER’ was a little higher.

When IR was born, drastic changes occurred in the the hometown. The number of the rare 'HER’ increased more than ever before, IR was also one of them.

If there were too many 'HER’, it could harm a country’s safety, possibly destroy the world in the future— that was the conclusion of the dictators in the past.

In fact, many of 'HER’ have committed various crimes that opposes human rights, ranging from murder, riots, destruction, human experiments etc, all these eventually leading to the fall of the society.

That was when the dictators made a plan to remove 'HER’ s. Although the plan wasn’t very successful, it has still managed to remove a vast majority of 'HER’ s— the price was, the destruction of Levianta.

This was from more than 100 years ago.

(∩´﹏`∩) (∩´﹏`∩)(∩´﹏`∩) (∩´﹏`∩)(∩´﹏`∩) (∩´﹏`∩)

'IR’ is actually a fake name, a temporary nickname.

Her name which she had when she was still human was already long gone, together with the destruction of her hometown.

IR has changed her body into a demon cat.

More accurately, it would be 'a monster using a red cat puppet as a cover’

A mad scientist who was staying with 'HER’ modified her into that. A originally prodigious sorceress lost majority of her magic, exchanging it for a 'body’ that don’t age or die.

Was this good or bad? Even the IR did not have an answer.

No matter what, the IR is the only surviving 'HER’, becoming the only existence which spreads 'evil thoughts’ all around the world.

(∩´﹏`∩) (∩´﹏`∩)(∩´﹏`∩) (∩´﹏`∩)(∩´﹏`∩) (∩´﹏`∩)

Right now, she stands in front of this mansion.

She appears to be a white-haired young female donned in a robe, her true self hiding within the red cat which she carries on her shoulder.

'Control another person’s body like your own’, is one of the few remaining abilities of IR. Only when she is possessing another person can she release a limited amount of magic which relies on the composition of the person she possessed.

She is currently using the body of this white-haired female, 'Haru Netsuma’. Because of the high potential for magic within Haru’s body, IR has taken a liking to it.

She committed numerous crimes using Haru’s body. Turning various villages into sea of flames, spreading epidemics across cities, as compared to IR’s goals, this is nothing but a minuscule part of it, but at least it was enough to 'kill some time’.

(However, there was also a limit to 'killing some time’.)

IR touched the sword under her robe.

This weapon which she found from the hometown of Haru should be more accurately known as a 'katana’ than a 'sword’. On the hilt of the sword were engraved foreign words from the eastern country 'Snakeland’ .

However, IR knew that this katana was not forged in that country.

The scientist who turned her into a red cat also created other kinds 'evil thought seeds’. One of the products from the experiment was this sword.

The name 'The Sinned Weapon’ (originating from the seven great sins of human beings) was rumored to host a demon within it. IR have always been searching for 'The Sinned Weapon’.

Why? Because that weapon will be able to change normal human beings into people similar to her, 'HER’.

Since the destruction of Levantia, no other 'HER’ was born. Today, the only surviving 'HER’ would be IR. The fastest method to increase the number of 'HER’ is for her to reproduce. Yet, IR who was within the puppet’s body is incapable of reproduction.

There are limitations to the amount of 'evil thoughts’ she can spread alone. Most importantly, for her to be the only surviving 'HER’, wasn’t that too lonely?

That’s why when IR got her hands on this katana, a plan sparked in her head.

“Let’s try and increase the number of friends.”

Once again, IR stared at the mansion in front of her.

This is the mansion belonging to the lord of this land, which she made arrangements to meet.

She feels that it would be the best to find a influential person to become the contractor of 'The Sinned Weapon’ since he will be able to cause the more chaos. Even if she turned a group of farmer into 'HER’, the scale of the 'evil thoughts’ would still be too small. This is also one of the truths that IR have known from first-hand experience.

She rang the doorbell expecting it to be answered quickly by a servant, but no matter how long she waited, no one answered the door.

(Not home? No… how is it possible)

As the duke of Asmodean, Ilotte Venomania (The name has a meaning of a person who is dark and who has high libido), his house should possess a large number of servants so there is no way that there is not a single person in this large mansion.

Despite her efforts, no one answered her door. Impatient, she grabbed the handle of the door, with a flick of her finger, the locked door lightly unlocked itself. Spells like unlocking doors, even for the weakened IR is still considered as easy.

A hundred years ago, many of the houses locked their doors with spells to prevent break-ins, but now, due to the decrease in number of magicians, the awareness dropped significantly and knowledge about spell to lock doors was lost.

“Oya oya… This is… ”

The moment she stepped into the mansion, she couldn’t help but smile.

There were mountains of people in front of her. More accurately, they were corpses laying on the floor so messily that it seemed like mountains.

All the servants in the mansion are dead. The familiar scent of blood filled the mansion, but since it has been a long time since she has seen such a large-scaled massacre, she was excited.

IR didn’t mind the corpses that were dirtying her robe as she squat down to observe it. From the injuries, it was obvious that they were chopped, if not pierced, to death.

From the amount of deaths, there should be multiple murderers — is probably what normal people would think. But IR had this instinct, this distinct feeling that it was caused by a single person.

Due to the fact that the pattern, shape, of the wound being similar, a logical conclusion would be that it’s caused by the same weapon. More importantly, the 'instinct’ that she has cultivated after witnessing many deaths told her so.

In order to conduct such a mass murder, the person must have exceptional stamina, or —

(A heart that possesses enough hatred to overcome physical boundaries… it should be one of the above!)

A smile curled up on the lips of the neat female, IR moved forward, immediately finding the murderer.

She opened the door leftwards of the lounge ,walking into the dining room only to see a man holding on to a bloodstained sword in front of the fireplace, ready to pierce it through himself.

His hands were trembling.

(From the looks of it — he is trying to kill himself because he couldn’t stand the guilt that overwhelmed him)

Even though she knew that, IR still inquired,

“Why are you searching for death?”

The unexpected voice caused the male to jerk suddenly, staring with wide eyes at IR, his hands trembling as they following his harsh breaths.

The moment she saw his facial features, IR could already guess the motive behind this massacre.

The stress caused by his surrounding people belittling him.

It must have been revenge — that caused his world to break apart.

“Do you hate everything around you?”,

IR asked again. The male look calmer than before, however, he was still holding on to the sword.

He continued to stare at IR, mumbling under his breath.

“I can’t attain anything. Not in the past, nor in the future.”

“What do you want?”

“…Love. I hope that someone can love me.”

“Will you fulfill this wish by massacring people?”

“No, I lost even more. I was too foolish.”

“…”

“But it’s fine already, I will end everything with my death, since i should not have existed.”

He said as tears flowed down his face.

Seeing the state that he is in, IR was reminded of her first kill.

She killed her brother’s fiance. She was a forgiving, daring and brilliant sorceress — an extremely kind-hearted person.

Then, she was like this man in front of her, wailing desperately. That was her embarrassing past from when she thought that she was still a 'normal person’.

Now, even if she killed someone, there would simply be a smile etched on her face.

“… If you want it, why don’t you just grab it? Why must you end it with death?”

Hearing IR’s question, an insulting smiled curled up onto the face of the still-crying male.

“If I could, things would not have ended this way.”

“I might be able to fulfill your dream.”

“… What?!”

The male dropped his hands slightly.

“… You want love…. heh… that’s right… I have something that suits you very well.”

IR took out “Vessel of Sin” and showed it to the male.
