Narcissus offered to get me a beer, but I refused.

“You know I don’t drink, right?”

Perhaps my reply didn’t reach him, drowned out in the hustle and bustle around us.

Narcissus poured the beer into a glass, and then handed it over to me.

“Only immigrants and babies don’t drink beer in Elphegort,” he said, grinning.

I reluctantly took the glass in my hand.

I didn’t really need to drink. I figured I could just pretend to, and brought the glass up to my lips.

“Minors aren’t allowed to drink alcohol in here, miss.”

Before I knew it, the bar’s owner, Hardy, was standing by my side, and had tightly gripped my arm.

“Right…Sorry.”

I obediently followed his warning and set the glass back down on the table.

After making sure I did, Hardy turned to glare at Narcissus.

“You too, Narcissus.”

“Hey hey, don’t be so harsh on us, you’ll spoil the party.”

“It’s not like you lot were invited–What are members of ‘Zeus’ doing here?“ Hardy pressed Narcissus.

“Does this bar pick its customers?”

“Yeah, it does. This place…is a hang-out for us—for ‘Hades’. It’s not a place for Zeus brats to come play in.”

At some point, the table where we were sitting was surrounded by several men.

They were probably all members of Hades.

Narcissus didn’t even flinch, instead taking on a brazen attitude by putting his feet up on the table. “Yeah…How sad, to see you Hades geezers gathering in a back-alley pub like this, drinking the night away while you grumble about how Zeus stole your turf.”

“Stole our turf? Don’t talk nonsense. We’re the ones who run Aceid.”

“Nobody thinks so now.”

“—You asshole!”

Hardy punched Narcissus on the cheek.

Taken by surprise, Narcissus was blown behind his chair; however, he immediately stood up again and took on a fighting stance.

“Narcissus!”

I stood up too, but one of the men quickly pinned my arms behind my back.

“Oi, a girl shouldn’t be getting mixed up in fights.”

Without taking his eyes off of Hardy, Narcissus called to the man who was holding me, “Hardy, let’s do this one-on-one. A fist-fight of wills between the two heads of Zeus and Hades, man to man.”

Narcissus made an inviting gesture with his hand towards Hardy.

Narcissus was tall, but Hardy was much sturdier than him. From just physique alone Narcissus had the disadvantage, but he prided himself on his footwork and knew how to throw a punch. I had never seen him lose to anyone in a brawl, at the very least.

Hardy cracked his knuckles, and sidled up to Narcissus.

When they were both within striking range, he indifferently replied, “–Forget it.”

And then all the men around us leaped at Narcissus at once.

“–! You cowardly bastard!”

In the blink of an eye, all of them started to kick at Narcissus as he lay collapsed on the floor.

“Did you really think I’d fall for your cheap provocation?”

Hardy looked down on Narcissus with a sneer on his face.

…Well, it’s come to this.

It had been too much to hope for, to think that we could just barge into enemy territory and get a one-on-one fight.

Narcissus must have known that, but…Well, that was how he was. He had just wanted to show off.

“N-Nemesis, help me!”

Hardy gave a wry smile at hearing Narcissus’ pained cry. “How pathetic. Where’s that attitude from earlier? Trying to get a woman to help you…Hey, little lady.” Hardy turned around to face me. “Don’t you do anything crazy. That is, if you don’t wanna end up like this guy.”

I could feel the man at my back tighten his grip on me.

“…I think I’m good. Brawling’s not really my forte. But—what about my ‘friend’?”

“Your ‘friend’? You mean Narcissus?”

No.

There was someone—or rather, something here aside from Narcissus and I.

“—Mr. Ziz, a little help.”

The moment I called my friend’s name, eight limbs covered in suction cups began to stretch out from under the table.

The tentacles of a large octopus wound around Hardy and the men kicking at Narcissus.

“Wh-what the heck is this!?”

This must have been an unforeseen development for them.

My friend who had been lying in wait under the table then proceeded to slam the men on the ground.

“Uugh…A m-monster…”

It was reasonable for Hardy to say that. I’m positive he’d never seen such an enormous Ziz Tiama before.

And who would ever think of one appearing in the middle of a city like this, so far removed from the ocean?

Freed from the assault on him, Narcissus got up. His clothing was torn in places but it seemed he hadn’t suffered any major damage. He had been endeavoring to protect his face in particular, so there wasn’t a scratch on it.

I pulled away from the man behind me, who was standing there stupefied, and walked up to an unmoving Hardy.
“There’s something I want to ask you, Hardy.”

“…Before that, could ya do something about this octopus’ tentacles? They’re heavy and warm and it’s disgusting…”

“Once you’ve heard me out, I’ll have you released. …Dio Ameth. Does that name ring a bell?”

“Isn’t that a member of Zeus? That’s right, wasn’t he found dead in the northern district just the other day—?”

“Did you do that?”

“…Hm. You think one of Hades bumped him? This is…just a big misunderstanding.”

“Can you prove that?”

“Hey, lady. You oughtta learn a bit of law. If you wanna charge someone with a crime, you’re the one who’s gotta bring the evidence.”

“…”

“Well, whatever. What I can say for now is…We at Hades wouldn’t just kill someone for no good reason. Even if he’s a member of Zeus. And no one in Hades sets foot in the northern district, where all those rich types live.”

Whether he was speaking the truth or not—that I couldn’t say, but he was correct that we had no proof that a member of Hades was the culprit.

“…That’s enough, Mr. Ziz.”

When I spoke up, Mr. Ziz released the members of Hades and retreated back under the table, shrinking down.
“Let’s head home, Narcissus.”

“Hey hey, that’s it? Shouldn’t you question them more—”

“We’ve gone this far and they still haven’t confessed, so I’m pretty sure they really don’t know anything.”

I moved to leave the bar with Narcissus and Mr. Ziz in tow.

“Wait.” Hardy called me back. “It’s a bit of a faulty expression, to say we don’t know anything.”

“…So it was you after all.”

“No no, that’s not what I mean. What I wanna say is…if he was killed in the northern district, then he’s probably involved in it.”

“Who?”

“—Midas Touch. He’s a guy who’s rich, but has also got a lot of sinister rumors about him. You should try looking into him.”

“…Thanks for the information. –Well then, let’s go, Narcissus.”

“Yeah…Hold on just a sec, I forgot something.” Narcissus vaulted over the counter and snatched up several of the bar’s proceeds. “Thanks for paying my doctor’s fees, Mr. Hardy♪”

Hardy clicked his tongue, but made no move to stop him.
.

We would need to investigate into this man named Midas Touch, but nighttime was already upon us.

We decided to disband for today; I bid Narcissus goodbye and started to head home.

There were many people who gave me strange looks on the way.

–Thinking on it sensibly, they must have been creeped out by the sight of a girl walking along with an octopus clinging to her back.

But there wasn’t much good in worrying over that tonight.

Rather, I was worried about Mr. Ziz. He’d been up on dry land for an awfully long time today, so his body was becoming pretty dried out.

I figured I ought to get him back in some water first before I headed home.

A little ways out of town I finally arrived at the Millennium Tree Forest. The only people allowed to live here, given that it’s holy land, were those who had dispensation from the Sisters of Clarith to do so. I showed my pass to the nuns who watched over the forests’ entrance and they wordlessly opened the path.

I headed west through the forest. After pressing on a ways farther, the forest opened up and I arrived at the coast–but that wasn’t my destination.

There was a hermit cave separate from the forest—inside it had a cavity with a radius of about twenty meters wide, and most of it was an underground lake. Though its water was too salty to drink. It probably connected to the ocean nearby.

There was a tent set up near the coastline, and nearby there was an old man kindling a bonfire.
He was an eccentric who had always lived in that cave.

“Mr. Nikolay, you’re still up.”

When I spoke to him, he smiled at me through his white beard.

“Oh my, if it isn’t Nemesis. It’s quite a chilly night.”

“Can I have you take care of Mr. Ziz again?”

“Sure. Though it’s not like I really do much. Mr. Ziz is such a clever octopus, after all…Go on, let him loose in the lake.”

Once I’d put him in the water, Mr. Ziz started to swim around in it happily.

I used to keep him in a tank when I was little, but as I grew up he too got steadily bigger, until he could no longer fit into the tank I had on hand. I didn’t have enough money to buy him a bigger one, so for now I would just let him roam free.

Actually, Mr. Ziz was currently in his smaller state. Bizarrely enough he was able to alter the size of his body to some extent at will, and when he was at his biggest his body was close to fifty meters long. When he did that, even this little underground lake would be too cramped for him.

Should I return him to the ocean after all? –When I asked that out loud, Nikolay shook his head.

“You ought not to do that. Right now the ocean is just as chaotic as our society. It may be hard for Mr. Ziz to live in it, having been raised by a human.”

“You think there are Ziz Tiamas even bigger than Mr. Ziz in the ocean?”

“I haven’t seen any, at the very least. There is a legend about an enormous Ziz Tiama attacking pirates once, but…Well, I don’t know how true that is.”

Nikolay gazed upon me and the swimming Mr. Ziz for a little while, but eventually he drew back to his bonfire, opened his sketchbook, and started to paint something.

–Nikolay Tolle. The self-styled artist. For as long as I could remember, he had always lived here. He was almost like a father to me.

I didn’t know my real father’s face. He had left before I was born…That’s all my mother had told me about him.

My mother didn’t stay at home much either. Sometimes she’d suddenly go missing for weeks, or months at a time…There were even times when she wouldn’t come back for years. Right now she was in the middle of one of these “outings”, and today marked the four hundredth and sixty second day since I had last seen my mother.

She was a screenwriter by trade, and she told me that she wandered the world in search of interesting subjects to write about. I had once begged her to take me along, crying, but she’d refused on the grounds that it was dangerous for a child.

Nikolay was apparently an old friend of my mother’s. I didn’t know much of their relationship and I’d never really asked, but they seemed…a little too far apart in age to be old lovers. Nikolay was her senior by thirty years at least. There were times when I had wondered if he was Mom’s dad—in other words, my grandfather. But if that was the case they’d have no reason to hide it, and he also wouldn’t need to be living so far away from our home like this.

I’d learned many things from him. Cooking, how to fish, how to tell poisonous mushrooms from ones that were safe to eat, and so on…My being able to live in this forest was thanks to the knowledge I’d gotten from Nikolay.

The most interesting study out of all of them was “magic”. Under the condition that I didn’t recklessly use it in front of other people, he had taught me how to use several strange powers. The fact that Mr. Ziz would listen to what I told him was, actually, a result of those powers—though unfortunately it seemed I didn’t have a lot of magical ability, so no matter how hard I tried I was never able to use the fantastic abilities that Nikolay could.

“What are you painting?”

I peered at Nikolay’s picture from behind.

…Was it a figure painting? It looked like a girl, but the pictures he painted were too abstract, and so I could never figure them out immediately.

“—It’s my daughter,” Nikolay briefly replied while moving his brush.

“Daughter? You have a daughter?”

“I do. Though I haven’t seen her for some time.”

This was the first time I had ever heard him speak of a family.

But Nikolay said no more on the topic, and silently continued painting.

“…Are you still hanging out with those kids in town?” he suddenly asked me after some time had passed.
“You mean the members of Zeus? Well…yeah.”

“You should take it easy. Nothing good will come from associating with punks like that.”

“Weren’t you the one who told me I needed to ‘make friends my own age’?”

“I said that because I wanted you to go to school. Your mother is paying for your tuition, isn’t she?”

“…School is so boring. Being with Narcissus and the others is so much more exciting.”

“But that ‘excitement’ involves causing trouble for other people. Extortion, mayhem…You keep that kind of stuff up, eventually the police will—”

“Save the lecture. I’m tired, so I’m heading back.”

I started home, listening to Nikolay sigh behind me.
