Occasionally strange things would happen in this forest.

Any time I lost the path deep in the forest when I was young, I would be able to make my way home simply by walking along picking up acorns that had fallen in such a way as to indicate the path to me. Any time I fell from a tall tree branch, I would sometimes land in a pile of leaves, and so wouldn’t suffer any injuries.

I was able to settle on the idea that all of these were simple coincidences. But even so, on occasion I would almost get the feeling that the forest itself had a will of its own.

–And right now, that “will” was speaking directly to me in my house.

Through the doll from earlier that Mr. Ziz had scooped up.

<–You need to run out of this forest right now>

Rather than being surprised or scared, I asked the doll…or rather, the “will of the forest”, “Why do I need to run?”

<There are people coming here to arrest you.>

If that was true, then these people were undoubtedly the police.

The S.S. Titanis sinking that had occurred six months before—They must have finally caught wind of the fact that I was responsible.

Kandi had said that he would apply pressure on the World Police so that they wouldn’t investigate. I had hoped that maybe that was possible, given he was a higher-up in the Freezis Conglomerate.

But suppressing it completely must have been difficult even for a Freezis.

“But…why are you trying to cover for me?”

Strictly speaking, I didn’t know who the “you” I was speaking to even was. I hadn’t asked, and they hadn’t made any effort to explain.

Even so, I had a hunch that I was talking to the “will of the forest” right then. Perhaps…This was the being that devotees of Held referred to as the “Great Land God”.

The “will of the forest” didn’t answer me, instead saying, <Keep this in mind. There are beings in this world that will try to protect you, that you cannot see. In this forest…and in the depths of the world.”

“…?”

<We don’t have time to talk much. Though I’ll be able to stall these invaders for a short time…But that has its limits. Come on then—get going>

“—Thank you.”

I quickly made preparations to leave the house.

There wasn’t a lot that I needed to take with me.

<…There is also one other thing I’ll tell you, while we’re talking>

The doll again spoke up to me as I was getting ready.

<If, in the course of your life—you ever run into a person by the name of “Lich”…Be extra cautious around him>

“’Lich’? Is he some bad guy?”

<I’m not so sure on that, but…What I am certain of is that he’s a being unlike those of this world. There is a lot that I can’t read into in his actions>

“Hmm…I don’t really understand, but alright. I’ll make sure to watch out.”

First thing’s first, I needed to get away from the clutches of the police.

I finished my preparations and dashed out of the house. I had considered for a moment that perhaps I ought to take that doll with me, but it wasn’t mine to start with. And the less I had to carry, the better.

I decided to sneak west, avoiding the established path. That was the fastest route out of the forest.

…Ah. What should I do about Mr. Ziz?

He was currently in that underground lake in the cave.

Though it’s hard to imagine the police would arrest an octopus…

Even so the fact remained that Mr. Ziz was the main actor in the sinking of the S.S. Titanis. It was a matter of what if.

I slightly altered my course and made my way towards the hermit cave before leaving the forest.

.

…That decision had been a bad one.

Before I arrived at the cave, I encountered the people chasing me.

They were—a dark-skinned man, and a woman with white hair.

They were both carrying guns.

“—There she is! The ‘Beastmaster’!” the man shouted.

Beastmaster—that was something of a nickname used among my friends. I had objected somewhat as I was really only able to summon Mr. Ziz, but it had a better ring to it than ‘Octopus master’ so I ultimately accepted it.

Contrary to my expectation, these two were not wearing World Police uniforms.
I briefly wondered if I should be thankful for that. There was a chance that they were remnants of Midas’ goons, or that Kandi had betrayed us.

Whatever the case, I had one option…And that was to find a way to escape from them somehow!

But—

…They’re fast!

I was pretty confident in my ability to play at chasing in this forest. I’d been living here since I was born.

However, the man aside…the white-haired woman was making her way towards me in defiance of all the trees lined up around us.

I couldn’t shake them very well. And on top of that, unlike them I wasn’t carrying any weapons on me. If I were to face them head on, there’s no way I would win.

A method I could use to oppose them—was the magical arts that Nikolay had taught me, but I couldn’t imagine it would do me much good in this situation. About the only thing I was really capable of doing was creating a lump of ice about the size of my thumb. I had to wonder what would even happen if I tossed it at them.

That just left…nothing other than calling on Mr. Ziz.

Fortunately the cave was right before me. I would be able to turn the tables of the situation as soon as I ran inside. Nikolay might have been there too, and I was sure he would help me.

“You can’t escape!”

The woman fired at me.
Despite the fact that we were in the forest, and both running at that, her aim was comparatively accurate, and the bullet whizzed past my head.

I forced myself to keep running despite my fear nearly seizing up my legs.

“Hey, Shiro, don’t kill her! We’re capturing her alive!”

“I know…She’s running into that cave!”

I sprinted into the cave’s entrance, listening to their voices from behind me.

The cave was a straight path that led to a dead end. Now that I’d gotten inside, it would be difficult to escape.

“Mr. Ziz!”

I called out my accomplice’s name as I ran. I was sure he could hear me.

I thought we would be able to join up immediately, but I couldn’t see him anywhere.

And as I ran I reached where the underground lake would be.

–It felt much colder than it had been before.

“Oh, Nemesis…What’s gotten you in such a state?”

Rather than Mr. Ziz, Nikolay appeared before me.

“Nikolay. Please, you have to hide me! I’m being chased!”

“…Ah, I see,” he replied, his voice calm. “Who’s chasing you?”

“I don’t know! Maybe the police, or—”

“Well then, I suppose we ought to go meet them.”

“No, don’t do that, just find me some place to hide—”

“There isn’t such a place in this cave.”

It was as Nikolay said. I hadn’t come here to hide in the first place.

“Mr. Ziz! Where are you!? If you’re sleeping, wake up!” I screamed at the lake.

…And then, finally, I realized that it was different.

“What in…”

It was only natural that Mr. Ziz didn’t show.

The water of the lake had completely frozen over.

It wasn’t winter right now. No, even if it had been in the middle of winter, I had never seen this lake frozen over like this.

–Someone had frozen it deliberately.

And…there was only one person I knew of who could do that.

“Nikolay, what have you—”

Before I could ask him, my pursuers showed themselves.

“There you are! In here, Bruno!”
First the woman walked towards me, gun in hand. And then the man came my way after her, also holding his gun.

…But the dark-skinned man seemed surprised to see not me, but rather Nikolay nearby.

“–!? You’re—”

“…Oh, my my. If it isn’t Bruno Zero. I haven’t seen you since Loki’s trial.”

It appeared that the two of them knew each other.

Nikolay carelessly walked up to them, showing no fear of the fact that they were armed. “You coming here like this must mean that PN is after her…or rather, Gallerian is.”

“Not quite. He’s not involved in this. PN conducted the investigation alone, and identified this ‘Beastmaster’ here as a suspect…To think, you were the mastermind behind this.”

Nikolay gave a half smile and shook his head at the man named Bruno’s words. “—Hey now, have you gotten mixed up on something? If you’re talking about what happened with the Titanis, I’m not involved.”

“Then why did this ‘Beastmaster’ run in here?”

“I dunno. Of course, we live in the same forest so I know her at least, but…it’s not like she and I are family or anything.”

…Huh?

What are you saying, Nikolay?

Certainly, what he said wasn’t a lie. He had no involvement with Midas or the S.S. Titanis, and he and I had no blood relation to each other. It was true that we were mere acquaintances.

But even so, I had thought that surely he would protect me.

“Nikolay…”

When I spoke up to him, he turned around.

His usual kind smile was nowhere to be seen.

“…Nemesis, if you have done something bad then you need to properly atone for it.”

“You can’t—”

“You see, I—once worked as a man who judged people’s sins. And so I can’t shield a criminal now.”

Listening off to the side, Bruno snorted and said, “Hmph, look who’s talking. Hanma…Weren’t you the one who did exactly the opposite of that, time and again in the past?”

“And that’s why I can’t now, Bruno. It’s been fifteen years since I quit my job at the Dark Star Bureau. Perhaps you don’t believe this, but during that time I’ve done my thinking, and I’ve changed.”

“…You’re still wanted by the World Police. For the crime of violating the ‘special law on witchcraft’.”

“Naturally. I know that. So then—are you going to arrest me too?”

“PN is not like the World Police. Our stance is contradictory to the special law on witchcraft in and of itself. …Besides, if you really are ‘Elluka’s apprentice’ as the World Police says—then we have no hope of being able to arrest you.”

“…Ha ha, how ironic. That you who have seen the existence of magic with your own eyes have been promoted to a position that denies its existence.”
Bruno pointed the gun at Nikolay. “—We’ll be taking in this ‘Beastmaster’ now. As long as you don’t interfere…we’ll leave you be.”

“I don’t mind, do as you like—While you’re here I’ll give you some information you might like.”

Nikolay took out a sheet of paper from his pocket and handed it to Bruno.

“And this is?”

“A map that indicates Zeus’ hideout. She forgot it here earlier. This should help you in capturing the others, shouldn’t it?”

“…I appreciate the cooperation.”

That told me everything.

Before I had even run in here—Nikolay had already decided to sell us out.

And that was why he had frozen over the lake…If he was trapped within the ice, then Mr. Ziz couldn’t still be alive.

“You traitor!” I screamed at Nikolay—then tried to take advantage of the confusion to run towards the entrance to the cave.

–But my feet tangled up and I tumbled down.

“Ah!”

At some point my ancles had been encased in ice-shackles.
“Traitor…Hm. You’re wrong, Nemesis. It was—you who betrayed me first.”

“What are you…I don’t know what you mean.”

“I had though that as long as I could raise you right, I would always continue to protect you. But in the end, you caused such an awful tragedy…I guess you are her daughter after all.”

“Her…You mean my mother? What about my mother!?”

“She was a great one, your mother—but I cannot agree with her as the man I am now.” Nikolay glanced back at Bruno. “Go on, take her away.”

“…Yes.”

Bruno and the woman with him walked up to me and picked me up off the ground. And then, instead of ones of ice, they put real manacles on my wrists.
