Chartette silently continued cleaning up. But in her mind, she was still complaining. To think of it, it’s my job to serve the princess but cleaning
the courtyard, isn’t part of my job. Why both of us are cleaning is because of Chartette’s brute force. When Chartette is preparing foods and
fixing clothing, she will certainly use her brute force to break the tableware and tear the clothes. I’m only here to be her supervisor.

Even if she’s like this, she’s still not dismissed yet. In terms of efforts to live, she was much better than most men. More importantly, Queen
Riliane liked Chartette’s bubbly personality, which was Chartette’s key to Riliane’s heart.

The Queen liking us was a crucial thing for us. In fact, serving the Queen literally means, “risking our life”. Once you angered Her Highness’s
feelings, you will most likely be beheaded on the spot. Here, “dismissal” has a different meaning from the world outside.

In the last month and the month before that, Riliane sent 17 and 18 people to the guillotine, respectively. The reason why they were killed
varied: some of them said rude remarks to the queen; some of them accidently spilled water on the queen’s skirt; what’s more was there was
someone punished just by smiling. In short, anyone who isn’t pleasing to the queen’s eyes is immediately put to death. The Queen is no
different from other humans and animals. Dolls and toys that she doesn’t want are just easily thrown away.

Not far away, Chartette was talking to me while wiping the fountain. It made me remember of our childhood. We’ve been together ever since
we were young, so we talked more naturally than the other servants.

“Ah! Allen! Big trouble! This is really bad!”

“What? You broke another fountain?”

“What do you mean ‘another’! I have never broken a fountain before, okay…. Just cracked it a bit.”

“……”

“…… Oh, forget it! It’s 3:00 already. Aren’t you supposed to send Her Highness Riliane’s snacks? You’re going to be in big trouble if you won’t
go.”

“…… Ah, Ney and I have already changed places. Because I didn’t think we can finish cleaning the courtyard ‘till 3:00.”

Ney, like Chartette, is specialized to be one of the Queen’s maids. At work, Ney’s hands and feet are more than diligent. And she never
provokes Riliane’s anger.

“Hey~~~ kid, working hard?”

A heavy voice suddenly sounded in the yard. I tracked where the voice came from and saw someone with a red armor. The brave man went
right in front of us, smiling.

“Looks like you’re having a hard time being a servant, Allen.”

“It’s nothing compared to the Commander of the Royal Guards' duties, Leonhart-san.”

“Ah~~~~~I see. Since we’re living together, you can call me “Daddy” whenever you like to.”

“B-but this is how I’m used to calling you.”

My father scratched his head with a “why are you taking me so literally?” look. I looked at his discouraged appearance. I don’t feel like I have
the right to be associated with someone who’s part of the “Three Heroes”.

“You’ve been working here for a year now. How is it? You still all right?”

“So-so, I guess. Leonhart-san……what about Germaine?”
