Some young men saw Kayo walking through Enbizaka and had their breath taken away.

“Hey. Is that the owner of the Sudou place?”

“Yeah…Was she always that good looking?”

“I dunno…I feel like she was, but I also feel like she wasn’t.”

“Probably the glamor of her being a widow…Heh heh heh, wonder if I could get in good with her as the new man of the house.”

“Lay off, she’d never go for a snot-nosed guy like you. …And really, she’s—”

Kayo couldn’t hear the two men whispering.

.

That day, Kayo visited her neighbor Oyuka’s hairpin shop.

That hairpin shop had also burned down during the great fire, but it had been rebuilt shortly before Kayo’s had been.

“Here you are.”

Kayo handed over a beautiful, pale purple kimono to Oyuka.

“Oh my, how splendid…Thank you, Kayo-san.”

“Think nothing of it. Though it’s four years overdue.”

“But the kimono I left with you back then burned up in the fire, didn’t it? I’m just impressed you were able to recreate it to this extent. Nothing less than I’d expect from you.”

“…That fire was hard on all of us.”

“…Yes, it was.” Just like the others, Oyuka had no questions whatever about Kayo’s change in appearance. “Kayo-san, it’ll be time for dinner soon. Knowing you, I can imagine you’ve been so hard at work that you haven’t prepared anything, right? If you like, you are welcome to eat at my home tonight.”

“Oh no, I couldn’t…I’d be a nuisance for your husband and daughter.”

“You don’t need to worry about them. The more the merrier, I say. …Kayo-san, you’re all alone at home, aren’t you?”

“Yes…it’s true.” Kayo nodded, seeming a bit lonely. “My husband and son haven’t come back home.”

“Mhm…That’s right.”

“I’m so troubled by my love’s playboy habits.”

“…Huh?”

“And I know that Ren is very busy with his work at the Freezis Trading House, but he should still show himself at home every now and then.”

“Kayo-san…what are you…”
Naturally, Oyuka knew that Kayo’s husband and son both died in the great fire four years ago.

So she was confused by Kayo talking as she was in spite of that fact.

Kayo then said, showing no sign that she’d noticed Oyuka’s unrest, “But still, I must decline today. I have one more tailoring job that I’d like to get done before nightfall.”

“R-right…Well then, I’ll see you later, Kayo-san.”

Oyuka saw Kayo off as she returned to the tailor shop, waving.

Immediately afterwards, her husband, the hairpin craftsman, opened the sliding paper door and poked his head out.

“…So she came over, the Sudou proprietress.”

“Yes…The rumors are true after all.”

“Oh, the stories that she’s lost her mind from her son and husband dying?”

“To tell the truth, since Kayo-san returned to Enbizaka, I’d been a little afraid of her. Sometimes she’d give me the most frightening glare when she saw me walking with our daughter. But she’s stopped doing that lately, so I thought that she surely must have recovered.”

“Did she say something to you?”

“…Kayo-san seems to have forgotten that her husband and son are dead. She…seems convinced that her husband hasn’t come home because he’s out on the town, and that her son is working at the trading house.”

“Well, her husband was the sort of man who wouldn’t stay home much when he was alive. He didn’t kick his playboy habits that easily even after getting married. …But as for her son working, he’d still been a baby back then, hadn’t he?”
“She’s so far gone that she can’t see the inconsistency there…Poor thing.”

“…Don’t ya think you oughtta rethink your relationship as neighbors?”

“I can’t do that. Kayo-san and the late Kagura-san and Nagare-san have always taken great care of me. If she’s become mentally ill then I have to look out for her now more than ever.”

“Your meddling nature’s pretty substantial” While seeming shocked, Oyuka’s husband did look to be smiling just a tad. “Well, I won’t stop ya. Do as you want.”

.

On the surface Kayo was leading a normal life, but when it came to her husband and son some clearly bizarre conduct came forward.

I suppose one could say that it was only natural for rumors on that to immediately spread through Enbizaka’a narrow limits.
