“Kayo-san! It’s terrible, terrible!”

Oyuka ran into Kayo’s house in a state of panic.

Right then Kayo was working on repairing a kimono. The red kimono in her hands was torn up in various places and had several holes in it, and she was sewing them up with thread.

Kayo replied to Oyuka, without stopping her work or taking her eyes off the needle, “What’s wrong, Oyuka-san? You’re so agitated.”

“You won’t believe this. Miroku-san’s wife was found murdered at the bottom of the hill!”

At that, Kayo did pause and glance up. “…How could this be?” she calmly murmured.

“It was in the middle road and happened last night, so they’re saying it was a spree killing or a bandit or something.”

“I see…”

“I’m so scared. Enbizaka has only just bounced back from that great fire and now someone’s been murdered,” Oyuka said, kneeling down on the tatami. “The lady of the Miroku shop was such a hard worker, and so well liked. She was out working until late yesterday, and on her way home…this happens. Oh, I can’t stand this, now I’m never going to be able to walk calmly on the road at night.”

“I would think so…”

“—Kayo-san, you were an acquaintance of hers, weren’t you? You don’t…seem that distraught.”

“…Huh?” Kayo made a surprised face.

“’Huh’, you say…Weren’t you always telling me that you were entrusted with a lot of work from her?” On seeing Kayo’s expression, Oyuka’s own looked shocked.

“An acquaintance…No, that can’t be. I’ve never seen anyone from the Miroku shop before.”

Oyuka appeared completely bewildered at Kayo saying such a thing. “Kayo-san…what are you—”

“If you say so, Oyuka-san, then I suppose that might have been the case. …But, I’m sorry, in truth most of my memories from before the great fire are a little bit vague.”

“Ah…That’s right…”

Oyuka must have remembered that Kayo was convinced her husband and son were still alive.

With that she understood; as she didn’t know that Kayo had met with both Miku and Rin after having returned to Enbizaka.

Perhaps judging that she ought not to pry into this conversation too deeply, Oyuka suddenly rose and slipped her clogs on her feet.
“Well then, you be careful, Kayo-san. There might be a killer on the prowl in these parts.”

“You take care as well, Oyuka-san…”

“Alright, I will see you later.”

Oyuka turned her back on Kayo and left the tailor shop.

After seeing her off, Kayo once more returned to her work.

Bit by bit, she passed a red thread the same color as the torn-up kimono through its holes, and closed them up.

It wasn’t all that uncommon to see Kayo performing repairs on a kimono like this.

She was the kind of woman who was always serious and working hard.

–Only, this time the work that Kayo was engaging in was not a commission.

For the owner of that red kimono had passed on from this world just the other night.

.

Kayo was resewing the kimono that Mei had worn.
