Chapter 2

Section 1 ——Hometown of Misgivings——

♣ Yukina ~The Country of Marlon, “Capital Bariti”~

It wasn’t raining, but the sky was
pretty cloudy. The black-roofed carriage that we rode in advanced along the
thin, crudely cobbled road.

The carriage frequently swayed,
probably because Marlon highways were so much more poorly maintained than those
on the mainland. I was alright for the most part, but there was someone I was
worried about.

Is
Miss Germaine alright?

I stuck my head out the window and
peered into the carriage next to mine. As I thought, in there right then was a
swordswoman whose face was pale as death, and a composed sorceress who didn’t
look the least bit concerned.

I hadn’t paid any mind to how poorly
laid out the stonework on the highways was before going out on my journey. Even
that much showed to me how much discernment I’d gained in that year-and-a-half.

“How’s Bariti? It’s been a
while for you,” my brother asked, sitting in the seat next to me.

How was it? I had no answer for him.
Bariti’s townscape, the drab red brick shops, the broken state of the black bar
signs, and the enormous clocktower of the great church that I could see looming
in the northern sky, had not changed at all from one year ago.

Despite having asked the question,
Shaw himself didn’t seem terribly interested in my answer. His gaze looked to
be directed past me and more at Gumillia, who he could see through the window
in the neighboring carriage. In my head I muttered, That precocious brat! , but out loud I merely replied “It’s
pretty nostalgic~”

Three carriages were on their way to
my home, the Freezis estate. Bariti was divided into north and a south by the Methis
river that flowed through the center, and the Freezis estate was in the north.

In the carriage I was riding in,
aside from Shaw there were two of the attendant men in black sitting in the
seat behind me. In the carriage moving along to our left there was Germaine and
Gumillia, as well as two men in black uniforms like with us. In the remaining
carriage there were only men in black.

One other carriage had traveled with
us until we’d arrived in Bariti. It was the carriage King Kyle was riding in.
That carriage had separated from us halfway through, and headed for the Marlon
castle in the west. The navymen, on the other hand, were probably in the middle
of a party at the port right about now.

We gradually approached the
clocktower of the great church that I had seen from a distance. As this was a
church of the Levia sect I wasn’t terribly
familiar with it, me and my whole family being members of the Held sect and
all.

It hadn’t always been like that, but
the Levia sect was becoming mainstream even in Marlon. There were no longer any
churches to Held in the country, so the Freezis family had no custom of going
to a church to pray.

Only my mother, who was the most
devout member of my entire family, would sometimes walk to far off towns or
even other countries to attend a Held church.

What…what
is this?

A line had formed before the church. It was composed
of old and young, men and women–various people.

“They’re getting
medicine,” Shaw began to explain, before I could ask. He’d promptly
noticed that I was interested. As one might expect of a pair of siblings.
“They’re sufferers of the Gula disease. Seems the church is dispensing
medicine for free.”

So the Gula disease had spread even
to Marlon. Apparently it was only in the last year or so, so it had begun to
take hold after I had already set out on my journey.

The Gula disease–I remembered what
happened in the Beelzenian Empire, and shuddered.

“Are there a lot of people
dying from it?” I timidly asked Shaw.

“In Bariti, medicine is pretty
well circulated. And the church manages poor people like they’re doing over
there. I’ve hardly heard any talk of anyone dying from the disease.
Except…”

“Except what?”

“I’ve heard there are some
places out in the countryside where things have gotten to be pretty terrible. Especially
in the area around Castle Hedgehog to the northwest.

I had no wish to encounter those
dead soldiers again, but as I couldn’t deny the possibility that the owner of
the Glass of Conchita–Ney–was in Marlon, I had to be prepared for that.

The people in the line were thin,
and had lost their vitality. I prayed for their full recovery from inside the
carriage as it passed by the church.
