♣ Yukina ~The Country of Marlon, “Freezis Estate/Foyer”~

“The house is as big as
ever.”

That was the impression I was
brought to standing in front of my home for the first time in over a year. Once
Shaw heard that, he tilted his head to the side.

“What? You’ve only just noticed?”

To my little brother, the fact that
the house was “big” was obvious. But for me it was different.

The first time I’d stayed in an inn
after setting out, I had thought it was so small.
That was my sense of values at the time. But now I realized that that inn
hadn’t been “small”, it was this house that was “big”.

The house’s exterior hadn’t changed
at all since I’d left. I knew that what had changed wasn’t the house, but me.

Descending from the carriage in a
line, I headed for the area before the foyer ahead of Shaw. There, a single boy
wearing a servant’s uniform was on standby.

“Welcome home, Master
Shaw.”

I didn’t know this servant. Was he
hired after I went out on my trip?

“I’ve brought my sister and
some guests. Could you tell Dad?”

The servant boy made his reply and
then disappeared into the house to call on my father.

Standing behind me, Germaine
tactfully suggested, “You’re going to be reuniting with your parents again,
right? Should we step away for a minute?”

I wanted to accept her proposal, but
it was probably better that she and Gumillia stayed put. It would make
everything a bit less of a hassle.

“Don’t worry about it,” was all I replied.

Immediately upon entering the foyer,
it opened up into a long hallway. My father’s room was all the way down it, to
the left.

After a short period, I could see a
figure dashing towards us from that direction with all his might. Even though I
couldn’t see him clearly it was obvious to me who it was.

In truth, until I’d arrived here
now, I hadn’t been able to decide in what manner I should accept my
confrontation with my father. I had even calculated that if I innocently
embraced him and said “Papa~!” or something like that, like when I
was a child, I might be able to mitigate his scolding somewhat. Shaw had said
as much before we departed from Lucifenia, but considering Dad’s personality
there was very little chance he’d be furious with me. Even so, to make doubly
sure of something was the way of a clever girl like me.

But in the end, I decided to see
what he would do first, without doing anything extravagant myself.

“Y~u~ki~na~! Welcome home~!”

My father headed for me at full
speed. And then he opened his arms wide, and hugged me as hard as he could. All
as I was expecting, including the fact that his cheeks were wet with tears.

After this I’d probably be made to
hear him go on and on about how worried he was about me, and how lonely he’d been.
Thinking about what I’d done perhaps that was my just desserts, but as that
would probably be a little annoying, it was an event I would have liked to refuse if
possible.

“It’s good to see you too, Papa.
This is Miss Germaine and Miss Gumillia.”

I made my response to his welcome
and then quickly introduced him to the two others with me. This obviously
wasn’t their first meeting. But I did so anyway.

“Hm? Ah, long time no see, you
two.” Dad hurriedly wiped his tear-soaked glasses and straightened up. “Since
you’re here, try to make yourself comfortable. I’ve got a few things I’d like
to ask you.”

In a moment he returned back to the countenance
of Keel Freezis, head of the merchant trade association. I was right to bring
Germaine and Gumillia along after all.

I knew that while my father was an
amazingly doting parent, more than that he was also someone who put priority on
his appearance as a merchant. I was able to delay some annoyance with that for
now. Although well–I probably ought to talk to my father again when things had
calmed down again and I was able to recharge from my trip.

“You come along too, Yukina. We’re
making preparations for supper.”

My father spoke while maintaining a
level of gravity, unlike how he’d been earlier.

“Alright, but first I want to
go see Aile and Mother.”

“I see, then while you’re at it
please call the two of them to the dining hall. We’re going to have dinner with
the whole family together this time.”

My father started to turn around,
but he stopped, seeming to have realized something, and then looked around the foyer.

“Come to think of it, where’s
Kyle? Did he not come with you?”

“I advised him to return to
Marlon castle first. I thought that important he do that as king.”

“Well…That being said…”

Appearing accepting despite looking a
little dissatisfied, my father headed for the dining hall, taking Gumillia and
Germaine with him.

One of the men in black spoke to
Shaw. “Well then, we shall take our leave.”

“Thank you for your time. Get
some rest today.”

With the men in black gone, that
just left me and Shaw.

“You should go to Mom’s room,
sis. I’m gonna go see Aile while you’re doing that.”

“Alright. By the way,
Shaw.”

“Hm, what is it?”

I didn’t myself know why I was
saying something like this. But I spontaneously blurted out, “Has
Papa…changed from before?”

Shaw looked back at me with a
somewhat bemused expression. “I think the one who’s
changed isn’t Papa, but you, sis.”

“Yeah…I guess so. Sorry for
asking something so weird.”

Shaw shrugged, and started to head
for Aile’s room.
