♣ Yukina ~The Country of Marlon, “Freezis Estate/Yukina’s Room”~

This room, long bereft of its owner,
had been kept exactly as it was without so much as a scrap of dust, thanks to
our excellent servants.

A guest visiting for the first time
might have mistaken it for a boy’s room, or else a study. It was just an empty
space with countless books lined up on bookshelves on both sides of the room, no
decoration to be seen.

When I took in a deep breath there
was the faint, sweet scent of paper. I relaxed. This was none other than my
room, on the Freezis mansion’s second floor.

I slid onto the bed encamped in the
center and closed my eyes.

Germaine had said as much, but quite
a lot of stuff happened today. Battle with pirates and a giant octopus, a
reunion with my family…

Not just today, but this entire year
and a half journey had involved quite a lot of meetings.

I knew that I had changed on my
trip. Perhaps I had become a little bit stronger.

But it wasn’t enough yet. There was
still so much that I wanted to learn. I still hadn’t solved the mystery of the
“Vessels of Deadly Sin”. Someday, when I had become an adult, I would
go on another journey. In order to obtain that which I could not on this one.

I fell asleep thinking about such
things. As I was first dozing off I noticed a rustling sound coming from
outside my window.

There was a window to the east and
to the north in my room–the noise was coming from the north side. The Column Forest
was outside, but on a dark night like this I couldn’t see much out there
clearly.

I was able to catch sight of a
figure walking out to that forest. I didn’t see their face, but I could make
out short cut green hair and a sorcerer’s robe.

It’s
Miss Gumillia. What is she doing out this time of night?

Finally the figure disappeared into
the forest. I was concerned, but it was dangerous to enter the forest at night.
I couldn’t just chase after her.

The forest being dangerous at night
was the same for Gumillia as well, but I got the feeling that I didn’t need to
worry too much on her account. I had thought so back in the Millenium Tree
Forest as well, but she seemed like the kind of person who was used to forests,
even if it wasn’t in her homeland.

I once more got into bed, and tried
to reason out why Gumillia had gone into the woods.

There were certain times and places
that were suited to using magic. A forest at night was certainly the most ideal
for performing magical rituals. Gumillia herself had told me that.

From that I could glean that
Gumillia was probably either performing some spell of some kind, or else making
preparations for one. For what purpose? The answer was simple. To make provisions
against our “enemies”.

Yes,
I guess I’ve been thinking about this all wrong.

I’d been so at ease upon coming home
again that I’d completely forgotten.

Go out on a trip again? What was I
thinking? My current journey wasn’t over yet.

The shadow of conspiracy that
covered Marlon. The true identity of the one who had King Kyle possessed by a
demon, and Ney Phatipe. It wouldn’t be over until all of those things had been
settled.
