The prison was inhuman, dark, and cold.

“I want a jacket,” Meta requested of the female jailer.

But she curtly declared, “We don’t have something like that here.”

“Then lemme eat something hot.”

“It’s not time for supper yet.”

Meta gave up, falling to her rump on the cold ground and leaning back against the wall.

…It wasn’t all that surprising that the jailer wasn’t a man. Her enemies would have long figured out that Meta had the power to bewitch men.

But leaving that aside—Meta was brimming with curiosity on why they would task a child like this with watching over a criminal.

“What’s your name?” she asked.

After a moment, the girl replied, “…Elluka. Elluka Chirclatia.”

“I see—Do you know what kind of person I am, Elluka?”

“Of course. You’re a bad woman who’s killed a lot of people.”

“Right. And I’m a very powerful witch. I could even just kill you and slip out of here.”

Meta was hoping that the girl would start crying with fear.

But Elluka simply returned, her expression calm, “You can’t. I’m much stronger than you are.”

“…Ah ha ha. A little pipsqueak like you?”

“I’m one of this place’s ‘shrine maidens’.”

“A ‘shrine maiden’? This is the first I’m hearing that there’s shrine maidens in prison.”

“…? This isn’t a prison, you’re inside a temple?”

“…??”

When she asked her more about it—it appeared that Meta was currently inside the temple that stood in the city of Lighwatch, one of the Twelve Royal Capitals.

An ordinary criminal would have been put in a prison.

But someone like Meta, with unusually strong magic, would get locked up inside a special jail inside Lighwatch temple that was built to seal that magic away.

I see…so that’s why I’ve been feeling so sluggish this whole time.
The walls, or ceiling…Or both, they were probably made out of some legacy piece that could weaken magical energy.

“But…are all Lighwatch shrine maidens children like you are?”

“Nope. There are more grown-up women here too. But I’m the best, so that’s why I’m keeping watch on you.”

Elluka spoke without any prideful air, simply saying it as though it were natural.

“Wow…You’re pretty amazing.”

“My big sis was better than me…But she died a while ago. So now I’m the best.”

“Right—” Just then, Meta’s stomach gave out a faint growl. “…I’m still pretty hungry. Can’t you do anything about that?”

“I guess I’ve no choice. I’ll go see if I can—” Elluka had started moving to go somewhere, but she halted when she heard the sound of footsteps. “—Sounds like someone’s coming…It’s the head priest!”

…The head priest?

And then Meta remembered.

That among her “friends” in Apocalypse–

One of them had once worked as the head priest here in Lighwatch temple.
It can’t be…

Meta’s premonition was right on the mark.

The priest that appeared before her, with black hair and a black beard—was none other than the “Black Baron” himself.

“Yegor…!?”

“Is your cell comfortable, Meta dear?”

“…So you were the traitor.”

“Traitor? You’ve got it all wrong. I was merely—disappointed. I had abandoned my position as head priest to join your ranks believing that you all were patriotic warriors. …But in truth, Apocalypse was a simple band of ruffians.”

“Don’t try to dress it up. You just wanted to satisfy your cruel urges. …Though I guess that’s what my darling found intriguing about you.”

“Who can say? …Well, at the very least I decided that unlike all of you I wanted to live a nice, long life—that’s all there was to it,” Yegor said, offering up a triumphant smirk.

But—Meta hadn’t completely given up just yet.

“…Pale will come to save me.”

Upon hearing that, Yegor laughed sadistically. “That might be a bit tricky for him.”

“You don’t know anything; when my darling gets serious—”
“He’s already been captured.”

“…Huh?”

“Right now he’s in Welvya’s prison. Dear Raisa was also captured with him…But apparently she really didn’t want to go back to prison again. When she jumped out of her carriage transport to escape, she didn’t take a proper defensive stance–and broke her neck, killing herself.”

She didn’t even have the heart to laugh at Raisa having such an appropriately stupid end.

Yegor had betrayed them, Raisa was dead, and now—she and Pale were prisoners.

That just left behind a disorderly mob.

Forget winning against the Royal Army…It didn’t look like Apocalypse would even continue existing after this.

“Now, quietly ruminate on your sins and wait for your execution like a big girl, Meta.”

“Sins? I would think it’s the same with you.”

“I’ve received a divine pardon. That’s why I’ve been allowed to resume my duties as the head priest.”

“Then I’d like them to pardon me too. …Sounds like you used your family connections—and this was probably your reward for selling us out, wasn’t it?”

“How sad I’m never going to hear that hateful tone of yours after today…Well then, take care,” Yegor said, leaving his spot before the cell.

–Leaving behind Elluka, who had silently been listening to the entire conversation.

“Uh…Um,” Elluka timidly spoke up.

“What?”

“…You’re a bad person, miss…But the head priest…He must also be a bad person.”

“Yes—Let me give you some advice as your senior, one woman to another. The best thing for you…would be to get out of here as fast as you can.”

“Right…I’ll think about that—Ah–I’ll bring you dinner.”

Watching Elluka’s small back as she ran off, Meta let out a heavy sigh.

With this…I guess it’s over.
