Once the executioner headed back, Meta’s remains were transported to the mortuary on the outskirts as planned, laid out inside a coffin.

The moment that the coffin left the temple, Yegor and the shrine maidens surrounded it and began to pray for this poor criminal.

“—Rest in peace.”

The only one to notice Yegor’s lips pulled into a faint smile as he said this—was Elluka, on the point of tears.

.

–The mortuary on the outskirts of Lighwatch.

Meta awoke inside its dim confines.

Once she had opened the heavy coffin lid and gotten outside, she carefully inspected both of her hands to make sure that there was blood flowing through them.

…I’m still alive. I’m saved.

She smiled without thinking. It seemed that Seth’s plan to place Meta in a temporary state of apparent death for just one hour by regulating the electricity strike had worked like a charm.

She had no fear of dying, but naturally she was quite pleased to still be alive.

“Now then…”

Meta opened the pendant charm and pulled out the parchment inside.

She confirmed her location on the map written on it.

Of course—she’d had no intention of upholding her promise to Seth in the least.

She was free now.

She had no obligation to participate in some mysterious experiment of his.

As she was preparing to tear up the map and throw it away—Meta noticed a small text written on it, and stopped.
…

It was a message addressed to her from Seth.

.

Meta, you’re a good girl, so I have every confidence that you’ll uphold your promise to me…

But I’ll tell you this just in case.

If you don’t come to the research institute…

Pale will die.

.

“…Tch!”

Meta clicked her tongue, and gripped the piece of parchment—

Then, she began to run along a cold stone path.

.

The destination she faced—was the Royal Research Institute.
