…

…Hah!?

–The moment that Meta had regained her senses, she heard someone scream from outside.

Followed up with echoing shouts and gunfire.

And explosions.

It was clear that some kind of change was occurring inside the research institute.

Pale.

This was his work.

.

–When she headed outside the room, Meta caught sight of the researchers (or rather, the information agents disguised as researchers) in a battle against people that she recognized.

Pale’s direct underlings—the remnants of Apocalypse—were rampaging, guns and blades in their hands.

“Over here!”

Meta ran over to the hall window, heeding the summons she could hear coming from it.

The boy there was–

“Pale!”
“Come outside through here, hurry!”

“Right…But, before that—”

Meta handed over two “somethings” that she was carrying to Pale.

Upon seeing them, Pale’s eyes widened.

“Oi…No way! Leave the children here!”

But Meta shook her head, climbing out of the window.

“No.”

“Babies will just get in the way!”

“…True. It would be a bit much for you to run with these two in your arms, in the body that you have now, Darling.”

Meta pulled the sheet-swaddled twins into her arms, snatching them back from Pale.

“…Augh, shit.”

With Pale appearing to give up on trying to persuade her, Meta broke out into a run after him.

.

–I remembered.

That I was like my Darling…

A “ghoul child” brought into being by Seth.

I was a “failed experiment”.
I was the third that he made; I had run from Seth, fearing being put in cold storage like my “older brother”.

While on the run I had fallen from a cliff…and lost my memories.

Until today—

.

I know it’s selfish.

But I don’t want these children…

To suffer the same sadness that we have.

.

I won’t let these children—

Become the gods’ toys!
