It had been six years since I sank the S.S. Titanis.

And about a year since the Leviantan Civil War.

I greeted my twentieth birthday once more inside prison.

Due to the support of the Tasan Party, I had taken back the name of Nemesis Sudou that had been erased from the public eye.

But at the same time, that was connected with me being charged with the crime I had committed six years back.

.

The rebellion ended, and stemming from that a new vortex of chaos began to engulf the world.

There was a lot to it, but most fortunate for me was that the Tasan Party’s influence strengthened in Elphegort.

The Dark Star Bureau—destroyed by the death of Gallerian only to be resurrected under new management—had sought to have me extradited. To charge me with killing Gallerian and Tony.

But the Tasan Party had insisted upon the legitimacy of the civil war, and refused to hand me over. This was backed by public opinion in the country, and in the end Elphegort officially rejected the Dark Star Bureau and decided to create a new system of justice unique to the country.

The problem was that the revolt itself concluded with the militia’s defeat. Thanks to that Bruno was taken from us by the USE allied forces. He was evidently sentenced to life imprisonment by the new Dark Star Bureau, but in any event he had become simply untouchable.

The one who had made me into an assassin—Whether that was indeed Bruno or Gallerian was lying, I would never know now.

And I suppose…only “God” knows…whether or not Gallerian knew I was his daughter.

I wound up being tried for my crimes again in the newly minted Elphegort courthouse.

I was cleared of all charges for the rebellion—they determined that murder was unavoidable in a war.

However…They couldn’t do the same when it came to the S.S. Titanis.

The verdict was “ten years imprisonment”—it was far too light a sentence compared to the scale of the event I had caused. There was no doubt that The Tasan Party had intervened on my behalf.

…I had mixed feelings. In the end, we were doing the same thing that Gallerian had. It hadn’t been for my own self-interest, but nonetheless it was still a perversion of the justice system.

I could see that even that sentence of ten years would be shortened even more. Gammon had told me I’d probably be granted a pardon soon. As a “reward” for being the driving force of the civil war.

I was thinking about devoting my efforts to the Tasan Party and the country once I got out of prison.

I didn’t know how far I would be able to go.

Even so, perhaps I would be able to perform at least a little “atonement”.

.

I looked up at the sky from my iron chair.

It was a beautiful night, with a beautiful full moon.

If this had been during the day, I would be able to see a cherry blossom tree from here. It wasn’t the season for it to bloom, but nonetheless it was a fine tree with splendidly reaching branches.

I wondered if…they were holding the summer festival in Lucifenia this year. Perhaps it wasn’t the time for it in these chaotic circumstances.

I wanted to go see those fireworks again if I got the chance.

…Shakuson.

How must I look to him, looking down on me from heaven?

As I thought about that, a silhouette I could see illuminated by the light of the moon started to look like a person. It was as though Shakuson was watching over me from there—

…Actually, when I cleared my eyes and looked closer I saw it actually was a person.

Someone was looking my way from a far hill.

–Who is that!?

I didn’t have my Mr. Ziz mask on hand. Even so I could still use a little bit of demonic power.

I concentrated my nerves on my sense of vision. When I did I was steadily able to focus in on that figure.

Their identity was—

Postman.

He was standing there in his red coat.

Gallerian was dead, and Bruno had been arrested.

The organization—Pere Noel, had already fallen to ruin.

Postman had no more reason to be involved with me…

–Revenge.
Supposing he resented me for having killed Gallerian.

That wasn’t outside the realm of possibility.

.

But after a short while, Postman vanished from the spot.
