Shakuson and I had officially started dating.

It was Shakuson who had proposed we go steady. Under the cherry blossom tree, whose leaves had all scattered.

I had no reason to refuse.

Though truthfully I should have.

Everything between us was too different.

He was so smart, and I was so stupid.

He was so kind, and I was so cold.
He was a police officer–and I was a killer.

Such a pair couldn’t be together.

But–

Even so–

I couldn’t lie to my own feelings anymore.

The moment he had embraced me.

The moment he said, “Let’s always be together”.

I had been overcome with emotion.

And I could not go against it.

.

Should I be honest, and tell Shakuson everything?

My real name.

That I had once sunk the S.S. Titanis.

That I was an assassin.

…No matter how I wanted to, I couldn’t.

If I told him, everything would end.

.
–I had completed another “job” tonight.

When I returned to the room, the red-coated “Postman” was waiting for me as always.

“…Yeah, here.”

I handed over the gun, done using it.

He wordlessly took it back, and then moved to leave the room.

“—Wait a second!”

Of course Postman didn’t reply when I called him to stop, but he did come to a halt and turned to me.

“…You’re a member of this organization—of Pere Noel too, right? Do you have no doubts about your work? Or do you at least harbor some grievances, of any kind?”

“…”

“…”

“…”

“…Humph. You never speak with me, and you never answer any of my questions—just as Bruno said. Well, that’s fine. You don’t really need to speak, just please pass along my request.”

Postman nodded.

“—Lately the quality of my guns have been poor. Thanks to that I wound up with several misfires tonight. The cleanup afterward is important, so make sure to send me a better gun next time.”

He nodded once more, and then left.

…I wondered how long this was going to go on for.
There was the list I had been given at the beginning. Among the five written there, I had already stolen the lives of four of them.

But that didn’t mean they would release me once I had killed the one remaining.

I was positive they would have me do the same thing again somewhere else.

I had thought about running away, many times. But the organization—or rather, the Dark Star Bureau that stood behind it, had immense power. On top of having their own private police force, PN, I had heard that they were currently allied with the Freezis Conglomerate.

An even worse problem was the fact that they had far more frightening assassins than me at their disposal.

“Number 5”, Jorm Zusco, who had murdered the members of Zeus.

And—“Number 1”, Shiro Netsuma, the expert marksman who had taught me how to use a gun.

I had once been chased by Shiro in the forest. Even back then I had been able to tell that I couldn’t win in a fair fight against her, but now I much better understood her true ability. I couldn’t hope to match her skill.

Shiro was a kind person, but she also had sworn a fierce vow of loyalty to Bruno. I was certain there was no way she would help me if it meant going against him.

I didn’t want to die.

Obviously everyone is afraid of death.

So—I had to keep going.

I pulled out the list of assassination targets I had hidden in my closet.

It was written in a cipher, so even if someone were to find it they wouldn’t be able to understand the contents.

The only one left is…
Nyoze Octo. Former soldier.

He was arrested for murdering a prostitute and sentenced to fifteen years of imprisonment by the Dark Star Bureau, but he’d escaped from prison.

They’d established that he’d smuggled himself into the Republic of Lucifenia, but hadn’t been able to ascertain his movements after that point—

Unlike my other targets up until now, he was a full-fledged criminal. …Though I wasn’t in any position to talk.

Since he was a fugitive, PN’s “public” forces and the World Police must have already been hunting him down. So then, why go to the trouble of having him assassinated?

–The long and short of it was that this Nyoze must have had some information that would be inconvenient to “Master”.

Since my target was the sort who would murder prostitutes, I felt a bit less guilty about it.

Only, considering he had been left for last, the organization probably hadn’t managed to pin down his location just yet.

They would probably find him someday, but I prayed for that day to come as slow as possible.

I could continue my life here until Nyoze’s assassination was complete.

With Shakuson by my side.

“…I think he had a day off from work today.”

I was overwhelmed with the desire to see his face.

After I had showered and changed, I went to Shakuon’s room.
I knocked, but there was no reply.

“Has he gone out?”

He’d given me a spare key. So I used it to let myself in.

I figured I would wait inside until he came home.

“…”

As always, the place was scrupulously clean.

The fact that it appeared cluttered even so was probably because he had too many things.

“Like all those difficult-looking books on his bookshelf.”

Frankly, even reading the titles of the books was enough for me.

“I don’t care much for books on education or politics…Doesn’t he have any novels?”

Eventually I found some books like that.

They had the title of the “Freezis Fairytale Collection”. Ten volumes.

I figured I could read fairytales, and so took out the first volume and opened it.

“Ough…There’s a lot more words than I thought. …Hm? What’s this?”

I noticed that something had been wedged into the book. I thought maybe it was a bookmark, but when I opened the page I saw it wasn’t. It was a letter.

“Is this…”

Maybe it was a love letter from a past girlfriend?
It feels awkward to snoop…but I have a right to see it! …Probably.

And thus convincing myself, I boldly made to look over the letter’s contents.

–Written at the top was the sentence, “To my dear older brother”.

Whaat, it’s a letter from his younger brother. …I didn’t know he had a younger brother.

And then I decided to read on.

.

To my dear older brother,

.

Have you gotten used to life in the Lucifenian Republic? I’ve heard it’s much warmer than here in Holy Levianta. I’m a bit jealous.

I’m still coming and going in Levianta and Elphegort, as always. Being a member of a political party isn’t easy, but even so I think it’s better than when I was in the military. I don’t need to stand on the front lines with a gun in my hand, after all.

–Just as we anticipated, the country of Asmodean has declared war on Lucifenia. We still don’t know how the other countries will react, but I expect Elphegort will wind up taking Asmodean’s side.

Thanks to the verdict that Gallerian Marlon passed down, the whole world is being caught up in a vortex of war. I wonder what the bastard thinks of that? Maybe he doesn’t think anything of it. Gallerian can’t think about anything but the satisfaction of his own greed.

We have to give him punishment someday. This time it’s our turn to judge Gallerian. The man who sent you to prison, brother.
Our preparations have been proceeding steadily along. But we still lack a trump card. The distrust the public has for the Dark Star Bureau has been growing, but we need something to make it decisive.

Our time will come eventually. Just hold out until then. I’m sure there’s a chance the Dark Star Bureau will revoke the sentence Gallerian gave to you once we’ve thwarted him.

And more important, the sword. The family heirloom katana that he stole from us…We must get it back.

Are you alright, brother? Sometimes I feel like I’m going mad. I first learned this once we lost it, but—that cursed sword is like a narcotic. Surely we—no, our entire family line from our ancestry—have been taken over by something that dwells inside it. We need to get that sword again, and soon.

Are you doing well as a police officer? I thought it was pretty outrageous of you to borrow Shakuson’s name and position like that. But, well, I guess you could call that not seeing the forest for the trees.

As for the real Shakuson, he’s been working hard as a member of the Tasan party. Since you’re currently using his name, he’s going by the name of Ben. I gave him that, though he didn’t seem to like it that much. But then, what else could we do? It’s not like he can go by your name of “Nyoze”.

And then…about this “Nemesis” girl that you wrote to me about in your letter. I did some digging, and it’s just as you thought.

Keep a close eye on her. You might have a use for her. Maybe she could be the trump card we need to take down Gallerian.
Just make sure to take care with her. If she finds out your real identity, it’ll all be over.

And don’t forget that you’re on the run.

If the situation demands it, kill her.

Well then, I’ll write again.

.

-Gammon Octo

.

I slipped the letter in the book as it had been before and then put it back on the shelf.

Shortly thereafter, the door opened.

“Oh, you’re here.”

Shakuson had returned.

“Sorry. There was another killing. They called me out.”

“Right…That’s rough, considering you were off-duty.”

“Well, I got it wrapped up decently enough. Apparently we’ll be starting the full-scale investigation tomorrow.”

“I see…Well, I guess I’ll head home.”

“…? You didn’t come over to stay with me?”

“…You have an early morning, don’t you? I don’t want…to be any trouble. And…I’m not feeling well.”

“You do look a little peakish. Alright, take it easy then.”
“Yeah…Sorry.”

Then I left the room and went back down the stairs.

Once I returned to my room, I immediately collapsed onto the bed,

.

Several thoughts swirled through my mind.

But…I didn’t want to think about anything.
