“–!?”

What in the world…

I am…Nemesis—

–No, I’m not. I am Levia. Levia Barisol.

And right now…I was being forced to do a “swap” thanks to that “Postman”—

Yes, I was in the middle of vicariously experiencing Nemesis’ life. And—

After I had torn off the wires that were binding my body, I opened the door of the “Black Box” and went outside.

Postman was waiting for me, seated in a chair.

“Oh, you’ve returned. It’s still not quite an hour yet, though.”

“Right…Though on my end it feels like I’ve spent several years of life.”

There was a great divergence between one’s perception of time during a “swap” and the actual passage of time in the real world. One second here could feel like several hours in there, and a full day…depending on the circumstances could feel like over several years.

Naturally that part could have a considerable strain on the mind. That’s why it was necessary to take a break every hour.

…All that aside.

To think, Nemesis had planned to commit suicide.

Moreover, to do so by shooting herself in the forehead; it was unthinkable.
The Black Box hadn’t shut down immediately, so I’d been forced to “experience” the pain of that instant as well.

–Yes, she had only “planned” it. It had been a mere attempt.

If not, she wouldn’t be alive here now.

It seems that was not the cause for Nemesis’ doll-like state. The memory that I first saw with Bruno was, chronologically, a great deal after she had shot herself with the gun. But I hadn’t been able to see any serious trauma to her mind at the time.

To still be living normally after being shot in the head—is such a thing even possible?

Of course not.

…Then that led to a simple conclusion.

Would Postman agree with me if I told him?

–He might just think I’m saying it to get the “swap” over with faster.

For now, I should just focus on satisfying the condition he gave—to experience the memories regarding the “six”.

Bruno, Nikolay, and Shakuson—I had watched the deaths of these three.

Halfway there.

–Bee-beep, bee-beep.

I could hear an alarm coming from inside the Black Box. That meant it had been ten minutes since the shutdown.
“–Well then, I guess I’ll keep going,” I said, stretching.

When I did, Postman asked, appearing to find this strange, “That was enough time? It feels like it’s only been ten minutes.”

“Yeah, there shouldn’t be any issues.”

In practice I did need a little bit more rest. The standard rest time was, by default, thirty minutes.

But—I had something I was curious about. I shorted my rest time because I wanted to see it soon.

After I once more had Postman affix the wires to me, I began my second “swap”.
