“Excuse me!…yannow!”

Kokutan-douji’s friend Saruteito was yelling before the Freezis Trading House.

“Excuse me!…yannow!”

After repeating this several times, finally Bufuko came running out of the Trading House.

“Yes, yes! –Who are you, if I might ask?”

“My name is Saruteito XVI. I heard that the man named Okuto Anan was working here, and came to visit. …yannow,” Saruteito said, looking Bufuko up and down. “Hm, a foreign maid… I feel like there’s something weirdly charming about that…yannow.”

“Sigh…And what business do you have with Anan-sama?”

“I have some questions that I want to ask him…yannow.”

“Do you have an appointment?”

“No…yannow.”

“…Well, I’ll go ask for now.”

Bufuko once more entered the Trading House, looking slightly put-off.

After some time had passed, next Anan exited.

“Are you Saruteito XVI?”

“Indeed…yannow.”
“That monkey mask—There is no mistake. This is wonderful, do come in. I have heard the story of the Rangu clan from both my father and my forefather.”

“Ho. So you know of the connection between the Rangu clan and the Okuto family…yannow.”

“I do. It’s not something to discuss out here, so please come inside,” Anan said, inviting Saruteito into the trading house.

.

After being led to Anan’s room in the trading house, Saruteito sat down in a chair inside.

“I have heard that you have been currently working alongside Kokutan-douji, Saruteito-dono.”

Anan sat in another chair, and offered up some tea to Saruteito.

“Mhm. Although, we’ve had less opportunities to spend time together since arriving in Onigashima….yannow.”

“For what reason did you come to Onigashima?”

“I came seeking the legendary blades that the first Saruteito-sama was said to have created. After looking around a bit I heard that those blades are presently being stored as the treasures of the Okuto family. And so that is why I came to see you…yannow.”

“I see…So that’s how it is.” Anan folded his arms, expression turning a little bit grim. “The connection between the Okuto family and the Rangu clan—that goes back to the time of Okuto Gaou, the very first magistrate of the Izami domain. It is said that, having joined the Eto side in the battle of Jagahara, Gaou was able to contribute to the Eto shogunate’s unification efforts thanks to the blades that the first Saruteito of the Rangu clan had sent to him. And so, the Okuto family has since continued to protect these blades as our family treasure. …In the form of keeping them sealed up in a cave along the coast of Onigashima.”

“…Why would you put the blades in such a place as that? …yannow.”

“The blades emit a ghostly aura, and so Okuto Gaou apparently reasoned it would be dangerous to leave them somewhere where people would find them. The blades—the ‘Twin Cursed Blades’, that is, were strictly locked up in an iron box located deep in the cave; no one was allowed to open them, even a member of the Okuto family. So I don’t actually know what the blades look like, myself.”

“…”

Saruteito was trying to drink the tea before her as she listened to his story.

…But given that she was wearing a mask, it wasn’t working.

“’Scuse me a sec…yannow.”

Saruteito took off the mask, and set it aside.

And then she brought the teacup to her mouth and started drinking the tea inside.

“—You’ve taken that mask off relatively quickly, I think. I had gotten the impression that there was some kind of law in the Rangu clan that you’re never to show your true face to another person.”

“It’s not really a common practice like that. I’m wearing this monkey mask because I like to. …yannow.”

“I see…I knew that you were a woman, but seeing you like this now I see you have fairly adorable features. It feels like a bit of a waste to hide them with a monkey mask.”

“That’s enough flattery. –So then, where are these blades now? …yannow.”
“The blades are an heirloom of the Okuto family. Yet, if a member of the Rangu clan seeks then, it would only be appropriate to obediently return them. …But I’m afraid the blades are not in our hands right now.”

“Looks that way. Earlier I entered the cave that you just mentioned, and it was already empty…yannow.”

“Over the generations the Okuto family has appointed one member to be the keeper of our family treasure. But twenty-one years ago. My aunt, Okuto Kagura, who was keeper at the time, stole them from the cave and fled the family with them. …We have been unable to find the blades since then.”

“And you haven’t been able to obtain any clues on this missing woman? …yannow.”

“Oh no—with the fire that occurred four years ago as our impetus, we were able to discern that Kagura had been living in Enbizaka.”

Once she had finished drinking her tea, Saruteito once more put on the monkey mask. “That’s unexpectedly close. Couldn’t see the forest for the trees, huh…yannow.”

“Kagura had changed her family name to Sudou and was running a tailor shop in Enbizaka, but by the time we found that out, she had already passed away. And supposedly her daughter, Kayo, doesn’t know the blades’ location either.”

“Ho…a tailor…named Sudou Kayo, huh…yannow.”

“I have heard that your companion, Kokutan-douji, is currently staying there now.”

“Though Kayo herself appears to have gone missing recently. Well, that’s alright; what you’ve told me is very interesting…yannow.” Saruteito stood up from her spot. “I will excuse myself today, on that note. –Just to make sure, in the event that I do obtain the blades first, you wouldn’t mind if I took them back into the possession of the Rangu clan?”

“Not personally, no. But I don’t know if the current head of the family, Gato-sama, would allow it.”

“…Then what if I present this to you instead? …yannow,” Saruteito said, pulling out the sword that had been affixed to her hip. “’Teigankikujuumoji’. It is my masterpiece, among all the blades I have made thus far. I offer this to the Okuto family…yannow.”

“—The Rangu family is famed throughout Jakoku for their smithing. A blade made by its sixteenth family head would be valuable beyond measure. …Very well. In the event that you get your hands on the blades, I promise to use it as a present to persuade the magistrate with.”

Satisfied by the compromise, Saruteito moved to leave Anan’s room.

And when she did, she immediately met Inukichi out in the hallway.

“Yo, if it isn’t Saru. What’re you doin’ here?” Inukichi asked her cheerfully.

“Oh, Inu. That’s right, you were working here. You seem to be in a good mood…yannow.”

“Yeah, listen to this! I finally got Bufuko-chan to agree to a date with me!”

“A d-date…!? What in the world is that? …yannow.”

“That’s where you go out somewhere with someone and do stuff together. Man, it took so long to get to this point!”

“You never change. You’re always lolling your tongue at women like this…yannow.”
Saruteito moved to pass by Inukichi.

“You heading back, Saru?”

“Yeah. I’m gonna go see Kokutan for a little bit…yannow.”

“—Then I’ll come along too. He’s been pretty down since Kayo-san went missing.”

“Regarding that Kayo-san…did you notice anything about her? …yannow.”

“Hm? Like what?”

“…Well, whatever. We can talk about that after we get to the tailor shop…yannow.”

The two of them left the trading house together and headed for the tailor shop.
