After she left the inn, Hanne headed on foot for the mansion of Marquis Blankenheim in the center of Toragay.

Even more than being a reporter of the Schuburg Newspaper, the name of the Freezis Foundation that stood behind it had its own power, and thanks to that she would be able to do her investigative snooping with relative ease, even if she was dealing with someone who held moderate influence.

…But then, that was if she had properly secured an appointment beforehand. Unexpected visits like this weren’t necessarily well received each time.

She steeled herself to be turned away at the door, and then pulled on the doorbell dangling at the main entrance.

She waited for a while, but there wasn’t any indication of anyone coming outside.

Maybe he’s not home?

Seeing as she was intruding without an appointment, there was little she could do for it. Just as she turned heel to set out again, she heard the sound of the door opening behind her. When she once more turned around, there was an elderly man in a suit standing there.

He didn’t look like a servant. For a moment she thought he might be Marquis Blankenheim, but his hair color was green. He was a purebred Elphe.

“Do you have some business here?” the man asked, to which Hanne conversely returned the question:

“Are you a gentleman of this mansion?”

“Uh…Well, yes. Something like that.”

It was a somewhat evasive response, but she decided to ignore it.

“I would like to have an audience with Marquis Kaspar Blankenheim.”

“Are you an associate of the marquis?”

“Yeah, well, something like that.”

It was a vague reply, as though to tell him they were in the same position.

Hanne didn’t know if the man believed her words or not, but what he next uttered was entirely unexpected to her.

“The Marquis has passed on.”

“Eh…”

For a short time she couldn’t find the words to reply.

That old woman hadn’t said one word about the marquis dying. It also didn’t seem likely that she had been fibbing.

“Wh—when was this? When did the marquis die!? What in the world was the cause—”

“Please calm down. For now, I would like you to tell me properly just who you are. We’ll talk after that.”

“I am Hanne Lorre, of the Schuburg Newspaper.”

These were extraordinary circumstances. She decided to dispense with the roundabout tactics and just cut to the chase.

The moment the other man learned that she was a reporter, he instantly gave her a sour look.

“A news reporter, you say!? N-no, go home! There’s nothing to talk about!”

But she couldn’t afford to quietly back down at his command.

“Isn’t there? You just said so. The marquis governing Toragay has passed on…That’s certainly a big matter. I have to write an article about how you’re going to deal with it. But if you won’t give me the details, then I have no choice—yeah, I would be very unwilling but I have no choice, yes?—It will be incumbent upon me to fill the contents of the article with guesses and prejudices and subjective opinions. What should the headline be? Hmmm, like, ‘Marquis Blankenheim, Murdered!’, or—”

“W—wait just a second! The marquis wasn’t killed or anything! It was fatal illness—Yes, most certainly, it was death by illness!”

“Oh is that right? Yes, that’s why I’m asking if you would kindly give me the particulars on this case,” Hanne replied, with a firm tone that went against the pleasant smile on her face.

Seeming to have given up on driving Hanne away, the man turned to the side and let out a huge sigh.

And then invited Hanne to enter the mansion.

.

The man’s name was Marx Felix. He said that he was a doctor, and a former associate of the marquis.

“My daughter was married to the marquis, you see.”

“In other words, you were the marquis’ father-in-law.”

“That’s correct. I had that connection to him, and I also served as his primary physician. Lately it seems the marquis had started to think his health declining, feeling frequently tired. I was worried, so now and then I’d come over to see how he was doing. I’d done that this morning too. …He was in bed. At first I thought he might be sleeping, but that wasn’t the case. The marquis did not wake when called, and when I drew closer to check on him, he wasn’t breathing and his body had gone completely cold. It appears that the marquis, and the woman next to him, probably died sometime last night—”

“The woman next to him? You must mean your daughter—So the wife also passed away huh?…You have my condolences for tha—”

But Marx awkwardly shook his head.

“No, that’s not it. The one in the bed with him wasn’t my daughter. It was…a different woman.”

“Uhh…So in other words, you mean…”

“It is exactly like that; I ask for your sympathy on this. And…If possible I’d be very grateful if you kept the matter of the woman out of your article.”

She supposed this meant that Marquis Blankenheim had been a womanizer.

Ah well. She’d rather leave writing a trashy article like that to someone like her colleague, Moritz.

Hanne nodded once to show her intentions.

“Is your daughter alright?”

“Yes. She’s in an interior room now.”

“I’d like to speak with her as well if I may—”

“You must bear with me on that. She has received a great shock. For now I would like to leave her in peace.”

“I see, I suppose that’s understandable. Well then, as for the cause of the Marquis death—”

“He died of illness.”

“But that alone…If you can, I want you to tell me the full name of this illness too.”

The two of them had been sitting facing each other in one of the mansion’s rooms, but Marx slowly stood, took something from a cupboard against the wall, and showed it to Hanne.

“It was this. This, I think, was the cause.”

It was some kind of plant leaves rolled into a cylinder.

“Is this…tobacco?”

“So you know of it. Naturally as a reporter of the Schuburg paper you’d be attuned to the latest fashion. This is something brought in from the New World. It’s become greatly popular among the aristocracy in Elphegort lately.”

“Yes, that’s what I’ve heard.”

“But frankly, this is something I just can’t recommend, as a doctor. I personally think it can cause harm to your internal organs, particularly your throat and lungs. I can’t prove it yet, so no matter how many times I told him that the marquis would not listen to me. …Though, while unexpected his death serves as proof, I suppose.”

“So, you’re saying tobacco was the cause of the marquis’ death?”

“The throats of both the marquis and the woman he was with were swollen and blackened. I have no doubts this was the cause of death.”

“Wait just a minute, please. You discovered that the marquis had passed away this morning, right? You haven’t had a chance to look into this properly; isn’t it a bit hasty to make such a judgment so soon?”

“It might not look so, but I am the best doctor in Toragay! And I say that the cause of death was respiratory failure from tobacco. So that’s final!”

In Hanne’s experience there was no way to test if a doctor who called himself the ‘best’ was really all that skilled; however, figuring it would be a bad idea to sour his mood any further she quieted down and replied only, “Have you already contacted the World Police?”

“Of course. You got here while I was waiting for them. …Well, you’re satisfied now, yes? You can hear what the police have to say after they’ve finished their investigation. They’re subordinates of the Freezis Foundation like yourself, so that makes you colleagues, yes?”

“—Well then, lastly…I would appreciate it if you let me see the Marquis’ condition for myself.”

“Huh!? …Ah, well, I don’t mind, but…Though his body is neatly arranged, as though sleeping, it’s still a corpse, yes? You’ll try not to faint from shock, won’t you?”

“No worries. I’m quite used to seeing corpses.”

Marx stared at Hanne with an unwittingly startled expression at how casually she had replied.

“—Oh no, I just mean, I see that kind of thing a lot, in my line of work,” she added, trying to smooth things over.

.

The remains of Marquis Blankenheim and the woman thought to be his lover were still laying in bed as they had been when the bodies were discovered.

Just as the doctor had said, the two of them looked as though they were sleeping, expressions so peaceful that it was hard to tell from a quick look that they were dead. Still, they weren’t breathing.

The woman’s hair was blonde, although when Hanne felt it she could immediately tell it had been dyed.

“’Scuse me.”

She put a hand on the woman’s closed eyelids and opened them to check her iris. They were green. Seems she’d been an Elphe.

Had her dying her hair blonde been to her own tastes, or what the marquis wanted? She’d never know that, now.

That marquis. The moment that Hanne saw his face she was overcome with dizzyness.

It wasn’t that she was shy of corpses. As she’d told Marx, she had become well accustomed to death a long time ago.

The marquis’ hair color was blue as she’d expected, but that wasn’t the cause either.

Perhaps this case—Marx had said it was death by illness but that was wrong. She knew this was unmistakably a case.

This case wouldn’t end here.

Maybe…surely, this was only the beginning.

She had no basis for her belief–but she was confident that she wasn’t mistaken.

Hanne had never met Marquis Blankenheim.

She didn’t know if those were appropriate words to say about a corpse, but this was their first time face to face.

He was much younger than she’d thought, and what was more fairly handsome.

But that wasn’t what was important.

Hanne knew.

She had seen this man’s face before.

.

Among the World Police officers who arrived shortly thereafter she found someone she knew.

“How’ve you been, Constable Ayn Anchor?”

When she spoke up to him, he shot back his usual displeased expression.

“What are you doing here, Hanne Lorre?”

“Happenstance. I dropped by to see Marquis Blankenheim for my article coverage and this was the state of things.”

“I just bet.”

“You’ve gotta believe me. It’s nothing but the truth this time around.”

“…Well, whatever. Just don’t get in the way of the investigation,” the white haired young man said, pulling his cap over his eyes.

“I had something I was hoping you could look into for me while you’re investigating, if you could.”

“What is it?”

“I need to know if there’s anyone else in this town outside of the marquis who has blue hair—"

“No way.”

“If you’re just going to reject it offhand then you shouldn’t have asked what it was…Fine, I’ll just have to investigate myself.”

It seemed this young officer simply didn’t like her that much. There were several reasons why that came to mind, but Hanne had no inclination to apologize for them.

She too was being a reporter as her job. Certainly, she would sometimes obstruct the actions of the police as a result of her media coverage, and she would cause them a great deal of trouble, but that was no reason for her to be so hated.

Hanne turned her back to Ayn for a moment, deciding to leave this place to the police for now, but then remembered she had one more thing to ask him and turned around again.

“Is Heidemarie doing well?”

Ayn continued to face the marquis lying in bed, not bothering to look at her, but he answered, “She’s in Aceid on another assignment right now. She’s…as she always is.”

“I see…thank you. Well then, keep up the good work, hm?”

This time Hanne left the room.
