Toragay Marquis, Sir Kaspar Blankeheim Dead—Tobacco the Cause?

Sir Thomas Ackerman, the head of the World Police in Elphegort, announced on the 4th of September that the marquis dwelling in the town of Toragay, Kaspar Blankenheim, has passed away in his home.

According to the announcement, Marquis Blankenheim’s corpse was discovered August 31st; his father-in-law, Dr. Marx Felix, discovered the lord passed away in bed when he dropped by the Marquis’ home early that morning.

[…]

With no clear evidence of foul play, he has said that there is a high possibility that the cause of death was a disorder of the lungs due to excessive smoking of the cigarettes that the marquis favored.

Upon receiving this news, on the 6th of September the three governments of Elphegort, Marlon, and Lucifenia announced a joint declaration to restrain the abuse of the tobacco brought in from the new continent; however there is strong resistance against this coming from the Freezis Foundation, as well as the aristocracy.

.

“Come, Kneel to Me!”—Diva Rin Chan’s Concert Opens to Full House

Singer Rin Chan’s concert was held at the central playhouse in Aceid on September 10th.

This is the first time that Rin Chan has held a concert in Elphegort.

When Rin Chan’s signature phrase, “Come, kneel to me,” resounded inside the overcrowded theatre, the grounds was engulfed in cheers.

[…]

That day, Rin Chan performed 39 songs in total, including two encore performances. And so once again she has earned our admiration for her true merit, with a voice that will never dry up even across vast distances

With close to double the usual security measures spread out, the day finished without too much chaos.

.

Big Haul of Ziz Tiama on East Coast—90% as Exports to Levianta

On September 7th, the Freezis Fishing Association announced that their haul of fish on the West coast is 20 percent higher than that of last year.

They have said the catch of Ziz Tiama is particularly high; almost 3-fold the previous year.

As a result of the Ziz Tiama, popularly called “Aotako”, not being used much as food in Elphegort, it was decided that 90% would be exported to Levianta. In the 10% left over, it’s expected that half will be used as feed for livestock, and the other half will be sold as pets for a portion of the nobility.
