It was the first time Platonic had seen trauben trees outside of her home country.

“Wow, raising trauben even in Beelzenia!”

Trauben fruit was greatly used as an ingredient for wine. So most wine breweries were located close by where the trees for it grew in Elphegort–but it seemed it was the same for Beelzenia too.

When she peered into a small stone hut nearby, she could see a large wine barrel deeper inside.

A workman caught sight of Platonic, and walked up to her with a carefree gait.

“Do you have some business in the Conchita Winery, Miss? …Hm, the color of your hair…Are you an Elphe, perhaps? It’s been an extremely long time since I’ve caught sight of a foreigner on the Conchita estate.”

“Yeah, that’s right.”

Platonic feigned a childish slowness.

“Do you want to work here, perhaps?”

“Nah, I came to see ‘Bruno’.”

“Ah, him. In that case, head to the basement. You should be able to reach it if you go around to the back and follow the waterway.“

“Thanks, Mister.”

Just as she had been told to do Platonic circled around to the back of the hut. And when she did, just as the man had said there was something there that looked like a waterway. It was a small hole that seemed just big enough for a single adult to barely make it through.

Platonic pushed through the waterway, getting her trousers wet. Eventually she made her way into an open area, the inside a small room where several men were amusing themselves gambling with playing cards.

"Wha–who th’ hell are you!?”

One of the men took notice of Platonic, throwing away his cards and drawing his sword. But one of the other men he was playing with held back his hand with a grim expression.

“It’s alright. She’s a client.”

That man walked up to Platonic, and urged her to sit in a chair that was nearby.

“I’ve heard about you from AB-CIR. Miss Phantom Thief Platonic.”

“Are you this place’s ‘Bruno’?”

“I am. You got the money around?”

“Yeah, right here.”

Platonic took out a cloth bundle with an adorable heart pattern on it. When she opened it up on top of the table, there were ten-odd silver coins inside.

“Excellent. Well then, let’s get down to business, shall we?”
