The “Association” secretly existed in nearly every land in Evillious, and each of the branch heads in it were all called by the name “Bruno”.

Their job was to assist people in underside professions, like Platonic. They would refer talented people to their jobs, and provide information about their target–naturally, they required a considerable fee for it all.

Platonic had great pride in her skills as a burglar. That was why, excepting times when she had to make a getaway, she didn’t use the “Association” much. That was because asking them for assistance meant decreasing her compensation for her work.

Only, the amount that AB-CIR had paid her this time was higher than the fee for any job that Platonic had done before. Perhaps his financial standing had improved because he had started working in Castle Hedgehog in Lioness lately. However, the fact that her pay was so much also meant that this job was going to be a difficult one.

Platonic slipping up in the Demilamb mansion was because she’d been careless in her information gathering. He wouldn’t forgive another mistake. The “Association” took a high price, but she couldn’t deny they provided a good service in exchange.

“Is this your first time in the Conchita territory?”

Bruno sat with his legs apart in a wooden chair opposite Platonic.

“Yeah.”

“Well then first I’ll explain the situation here. Did you have any trouble getting this far?”

“I did. Feels like they’re paying extra attention to people getting entry into this territory.”

Even though it was a land quite close to the capital, the Conchita territory did not adjoin any other countries, and was not politically very important at all.

If she had to come up with something, there was the walled city to the northwest, but that was a relic of the days long since passed when Beelzenia was still warring with the great Tasan Empire of the west. Nowadays it was little more than an ordinary town, with no demand for it as a fortress.

Platonic didn’t really get why they had such stringent restrictions on entry.

“It’s by decree of Empress Juno. She’s afraid of it getting out that there’s something bizarre going on here,” Bruno explained.

“Something bizarre?”

“It’s Banica Conchita. She’s the female lord here, and lately she’s begun to take some very strange actions.”

The only thing Platonic knew about Conchita was that she’d contributed to Beelzenia’s food culture, and become lord by her achievements.

According to Bruno, two years after she became the lord here, she had suddenly fallen ill.

“At first people were saying that her life was in jeopardy, but then somehow she bounced back. It was after that that it happened–that Conchita started to go funny.”

The first time Conchita showed herself in public since her recovery was at a banquet being held in the estate of Duke Oruhari, the lord of the Grabia territory.

“Up until that point she’d been known as an extremely fat woman, but they say that when she arrived at the banquet she was thin–a strong change from how she’d been before.”

“Maybe she wasted away from her illness?”

In response to Platonic’s guess Bruno continued speaking, seeming not to fully agree despite giving an inclination of his head. “Maybe. But that’s not the important thing. After the meal at the banquet, Conchita began to eat something else that she’d brought along with her. Everyone who saw it went into an uproar.”

“What in the world was this Conchita eating?”

Bruno paused for a moment, clamming up, before he replied with a grim expression, “…Bugs. Live ones.”

“Eugh, gross.”

The only people she could imagine eating bugs were poor people on the brink of starvation and witches who lived out in the middle of nowhere.

Though come to think of it, the Conchita mansion is set on a mountain far from town…nah.

Platonic pushed away the fantasy that had started to come up in her head.

“Isn’t it absurd for a noble to be eating something like that in public?”

“Exactly. Banica’s not been invited to any more parties since that banquet.”

“That’s only natural.”

“After that, Banica hired a man into her mansion. He was an oriental chef who knew how to make unorthodox meals. So he created dishes using bizarre creatures the likes of which no one had ever seen, and then every day Banica would eat them.

"What kind of dishes in parti–” Immediately after Platonic started to broach the question, she hurriedly took it back. “No, nevermind. You probably shouldn’t tell me.”

“That’s wise. The day I heard what the menu was, I lost my appetite for the entire day. Eventually Conchita was no longer able to be satisfied with it, and proceeded to start eating even more impossible things.”

“…A summary. Just tell me a summary.”

“Let’s say, there exist varieties of mushrooms that you should never eat. Platonic, have you ever eaten mellalga mushrooms?”

“Of course not.”

The mellalga mushroom was something said to be representative of all poisonous mushrooms, which once you ate it would make your whole body grow swollen and red as though you were being burned.

“But Conchita did. And it’s not just plants. There are animals that are poisonous too, and she’s been regularly eating them without excising the poison. But she hasn’t died or even become bedridden.”

Platonic’s impression of the state of affairs was gradually getting more horrific.

Eating bugs, devouring poison–maybe Conchita really was a witch.

“Even the oriental chef known for being a weirdo was rightly disgusted by his employer’s abnormal dietary needs and fled the mansion, apparently. After that Conchita’s hired on other chefs in succession, but there’s no one who stays there long. Her gruesome tastes are escalating, to the point where now she’ll apparently even use tachinid flies, vomit, and excre–”

“That’s enough. I’m gonna puke.”

“If you do you should wrap it up and take it to the Conchita mansion. She’ll probably buy it from you.”

Bruno spoke with a joking tone, but Platonic didn’t laugh.

“Cut it out–At any rate, I get now that Conchita’s a freak. It’d be pretty inconvenient for the empress if word got out that one of her ‘Five Dukes’ was like that.”

“The Conchita family was pushed out of their position as lords for another incident in the past as well.”

“Then she should make Conchita quit immediately.”

“Only three years have passed since she became lord, and furthermore it was Empress Juno herself who appointed her as such. If she keeps repeatedly replacing her lords people will start to question her judgment…Well, that’s probably the gist of it, I’d think.”

Even the association couldn’t claim to clearly understand the thinking of a country’s central figure, it seemed.

“Right now Conchita’s repulsive eating habits are well known amongst her people. They’ve come to avoid ever going near her mansion. Because you can always smell the stink of something rotting in its vicinity. When you break into the mansion I would advise wearing a mask.”

“–Well, even if the owner is a creep that doesn’t have any relation to my job. All I’m doing is stealing that wineglass from her, you know.”

“I wouldn’t be so sure about that. Conchita is a woman who can eat poison and still remain healthy. She might actually be a monster.”

It was possible Bruno was still joking when he said that, but perhaps he was also half-serious. Despite the relaxed nature of his expression he wasn’t smiling in the least.

“Oh gosh, I’m shaking.” Platonic clutched at her shoulders as though she was frightened, but she wasn’t really all that scared at all. On the contrary, she figured that even if this Conchita wasn’t a normal person, it wouldn’t have any impact on her work. “But let’s just talk about what I need to find. I’m not some hero out to go vanquish a monster.”

“If only. All of the burglars hired by AB-CIR to slip into the mansion until now have gone missing. Hopefully they weren’t eaten by the lady of the land in there.”

Platonic’s frowned at Bruno’s words.

“–What? This is the first I’m hearing of it.”

“Hm? Hearing of what?”

“That AB-CIR’s tasked other burglars with this before me.”

For Platonic, the sorcerer AB-CIR who was her current client was an old friend. He had originally been a patron of Platonic’s mentor, but when that mentor died Platonic had started getting contracted to do his requests.

After several jobs had gone by Platonic had thought that they had built up a mutually trusting relationship, but it seemed that was a miscalculation on her part.

“That jerk didn’t say one word to me–if he wasn’t so handsome I’d clock him one.”

“Ha ha ha. What a disaster for you.”

Platonic sternly glared at Bruno as he laughed loudly. He held up his hands before his chest as though to pacify her.

“Now now–Although, if you really are the best thief in Evillious, you’ll manage somehow won’t you? It is because AB-CIR values your skills that he entrusted you with this.”

“…Fine, I’ll give it a shot. Tell me the layout of the mansion and how many people are in it!”

Platonic put her hand on the table and brought her face so close to Bruno’s that she could feel his breath.
