The next night, Platonic had already begun to break into the Conchita estate.

She hadn’t come to the Conchita territory to sightsee. Do your job promptly, leave once you got what you came for, and then get your reward. That was her motto.

“For the time being it’s been pretty easy going up to now.”

The mansion was encircled by stone brick walls that were double Platonic’s height. However, she wasn’t to be held back by such things. As long as she had the wall-climbing techniques that she’d been instructed on by her mentor, she could even scale the walls of the imperial castle.

What was more, the mansion had no security guards stationed there. According to the information she’d obtained beforehand, the only people in the mansion was the master Conchita, her two retainers, and the cook under her employ, meaning four in total. It seemed that Conchita only kept around her the bare minimum of people.

There was livestock such as cows, pigs, and chickens roaming around inside the garden, and Platonic hide herself by a nearby tree so that they wouldn’t see her. If she spooked the animals she risked alerting the people inside to her presence.

There being animals there was all according to the report the “Association” gave her. But when she saw the cow walking close to her, she realized that it was extremely different from a normal cow.

“What the heck…”

It had no fur on its body, exposing its bare, chapped white hide.

Its whiteness was to the degree that it couldn’t possibly be natural, looking almost like it was covered over with white paint.

Its hooves were also sheer white like its hide, and impossibly long besides. Thanks to that it pressed on ahead with a staggering gait, as though it was having difficulty walking, and would occasionally have to lean its body against the wall of the mansion.

Even stranger was the area its eyes should be. Where there should have been round and cute pupils, there were instead only empty, hollowed out holes.

Looking around her Platonic saw that it wasn’t just the cow–the pig and chicken too also had similar characteristics. They were all completely white, with long talons and hooves and hollow eyes.

Platonic lifted the mask that covered her mouth and nose just for a moment, and quickly put it back. From just that momentary sniff she knew immediately that the stench that permeated the mansion was coming from these livestock.

She’d been told Conchita preferred eating rare foods. Perhaps these animals were a rare species that existed somewhere, just with Platonic not knowing of them. Although, she figured that cooking and eating these white animals couldn’t possibly be all that tasty.

Platonic was fundamentally a vegetarian in the first place. It wasn’t that she abstained from meat out of any religious reasons, she just simply couldn’t stand the scent of meat ever since she was a child, and so never put it in her mouth. She’d often been scolded by her parents, telling her she shouldn’t be so fussy in her preferences.

They had been very strict parents in their discipline. Because they were after all little more than provincial lords of a place like Merrigod Plateau, Platonic had never taken to their attitude, so overly concerned with what the world thought of them.

She loved money, but she had no desire to rely on her parents for it. And after all the time that had passed since she ran away from home, she’d probably been disowned long before.

To live freely, save up some money and one day build a smart, single house in the city and live there–that was Platonic’s dream.

To reach that, she first needed to focus on the job before her. Once she’d gotten the “Wineglass of Conchita” and handed it to AB-CIR, she’d get an enormous reward. That meant being one step closer to her dream.

“Anyway.”

With agile movements Platonic climbed up the tree. When she’d reached the top she took out a rope with a hook on the end. After spinning it around a couple times she threw it towards the chimney on the mansion’s roof.

After confirming that the hook had caught on the chimney, Platonic tied the other end of the rope to a tree branch. With this the rope then connected the tree and the chimney.

Moving along the rope Platonic got to the roof, and then after retrieving the rope she peered inside the chimney. Once she’d made sure that it wasn’t so high as to injure her falling down, she adroitly leapt inside.
