The chimney led to the third floor fireplace. It was pitch black, no lights on in the room.

It seemed the stink of the mansion was a good deal less objectionable than in the garden. Platonic timidly lowered her mask to her chin, and then took it off and stowed it in the breast of her clothing.

She knew that this room wasn’t currently being used, but it was for that reason that there was a chance someone inside would notice if she got a light going in it, which would be dangerous. She waited for her eyes to adjust to the darkness and swiftly walked out of the room, careful not to make any footsteps.

According to her information, the mansion was three stories tall, with thirteen rooms on the first floor, nine on the second, and six on the third. Outside of that the basement had four rooms, and among them one was being used as a treasury.

There was a high possibility the wineglass was in that treasury, but there was a chance it might also be in Conchita’s private chambers. And she couldn’t deny the alternatives that it would be in the dining room or kitchens, considering it was a wineglass.

Platonic decided first to aim for the treasury. As she needed to pass through the kitchens to get to the basement from where she was anyway, she would search there midway before getting to the treasure room. And if the wineglass wasn’t there, she’d return to the first floor, inspect the dining hall, and then if that was a bust too she’d have no choice but to somehow get inside Conchita’s room on the third floor.

The stairs were close by where Platonic was then. She was extremely grateful that they were made of stone, so that when she tread on them they didn’t make much noise. Had they been wood, she would have had to pay much more attention to how she stepped.

Once she’d gotten down to the first floor the kitchens were on the right. They weren’t locked, and Platonic easily slipped inside.

The moment she entered the room, that awful stench once again assaulted her nostrils. She hurriedly brought out the mask and put it on her face. She needed to search to see if the wineglass was in here, but what drew her attention more than that was the pure white lumps of meat dangling here and there around the inside.

Several iron hooks like the kind Platonic had used when she snuck into the mansion were hanging from the ceiling. Speared on their ends was unmistakably the ruins of the livestock that had been in the garden.

“So she does eat them after all…”

Out of curiosity Platonic touched one of the meat slabs with her index finger.

The meat had hardly any elasticity, and was as hard as a rock. She didn’t know if it had gotten hard from drying out or if it had been like that when it was alive, but at any rate she had no inclination whatsoever to try it.

In the center of the room there was a thin, long stone table. Several dishes that seemed to be in the process of being made were carelessly set on top of that table, likely being used for cooking preparation.

Tossed inside a bowl were various varieties of flowering plant, finely chopped. Next to it was a wooden rod, and judging from the fact that there was crushed grass on the end it was probably being used to pulverize the plants inside the bowl. They were very colorful, the leaves being pink and the roots being purple.

In a saucepan was an amber-colored soup, and in the center of it floated mushrooms sunken into a funnel shape. Platonic immediately knew what they were. Without a doubt, those were mellalga mushrooms.

Inside a teapot dusky beans were soaking in water. The water was turning black, just like the beans.

When she peered into the stove away from the table, she saw scattered around inside several brioche-like objects, burned pitch black. They had some green powder sprinkled all over the top. When she looked closer she saw that it wasn’t flour, but mold.

The fact that no matter how she looked at them it didn’t whet her appetite was certainly not just because Platonic had properly eaten a meal before she came here.

She searched the room, but couldn’t find anything that looked like it would be the wineglass. It seemed her goal wasn’t in this place.

The kitchen had three doors.

The first one was the south door, where Platonic came in. She couldn’t just open it and head back now.

If she was right, the west door led to the gardens. Platonic had first planned to break into the mansion through here, but when she thought about the risk of it being locked she’d switched her plan to entering through the more reliable chimney. She opened up the remaining northern door and left the kitchen. Like the south door, it also wasn’t locked. The other side of the door led to a corridor with an audience hall at the end, and in there was a stairwell leading to the basement.
