Platonic dashed up the stairs and sprinted for the kitchen.

Her initial plan was to escape through the chimney the same way that she’d come in, but now that she’d been caught by residents there was no need to go to all that trouble. It would be wise for her to get outside from the back door as soon as possible. She leaped towards the kitchen with that thought in mind, but she once more found her way obstructed.

Inside was a woman wearing a red dress.

She had almond eyes and a supple figure. Platonic was proud of being slender herself, but when it came to the size of her chest she was outmatched by her.

There should only be four people in the mansion. She’d already met the twins. The cook was dead in the basement.

That meant that the beautiful woman before her–

Was the owner of the mansion, Banica Conchita.

Conchita leisurely approached Platonic, and pulled down the mask she was wearing.

“I come down here to amuse myself with some midnight aesthetic work…and end up unexpectedly meeting an adorable intruder.”

“Midnight aesthetic work!?”

She didn’t quite know what those words meant, but Platonic could somehow guess it was something repulsive.

“Oh yes. To put it simply, I suppose you could say I was feeling a bit peckish tonight and I came here to pick up some food♥”

While grinning, Conchita gripped Platonic’s right arm. Her hold was much stronger than the jaws of that white pig, and Platonic was unable to throw her off.

“I think I’ll take that back, for now.”

Conchita snatched the wineglass from Platonic’s hand. After that Conchita brought her face close enough to Platonic as to feel her breath, not letting her go.

“You are really are adorable…Just cute enough to eat♥”

Platonic once more thought of something repulsive upon hearing Conchita’s words, though whether her imagination was correct or not it still didn’t change the fact that she was in a pinch.

Being caught like this, in the Beelzenian Empire the criminal would usually receive judgment from the lord of the land they were in. If it was a heavy crime like murder or something, then judgment would be handled not by the lord but the emperor; however in Platonic’s case that wouldn’t apply.

In other words, no matter the case the woman before Platonic held her fate in her hands. Whether her thefts in other locations had any influence on the result of her judgment was up to Conchita. However, upon reflecting on the information that she’d obtained earlier and the events that Platonic had witnessed herself tonight, it was clear that Conchita wouldn’t be honest and upright about it. Her odds of getting off unscathed were exceedingly low.

Although, if she were judged normally that would be fine with her. She had hope that she would be able to seize an opportunity to escape. The issue was that all the thieves who had sneaked inside before Platonic went missing, and the corpse she’d seen in the basement. Platonic imagined herself becoming like that corpse, and she shivered.

“Well then–”

Conchita started to do something, pulling her face away from Platonic for a moment.

Platonic tried to use that as an opportunity to pull another smokebomb from her breast, but before she could do that a figure appeared that smashed the stillness of the room.

“UUUOOOOOOOOOOOOO!”

It made its entrance breaking through the door behind Platonic, as it let out an indescribable roar.

The cook’s dead body had started moving, gone up the stairs, and come to the kitchen. His uniform had been discarded, and the entirety of his limestone-white body was exposed.

And, his long claws were slashing down–not at Platonic, but at Conchita.

“–!”

The corpse’s movements were sluggish, and so despite Conchita making a momentary expression of tension she nimbly dodged the claws that were coming right for her.

There was no way that Platonic wasn’t going to use that moment to put some distance between her and Conchita. She rapidly made for the western door and leaped out into the garden.

All the various livestock in the garden looked at Platonic at once. Before they could attack her, she dashed with all her might, and once she’d gotten close to the outside wall she used her rope with the hook on it to scale it in a single go.

While checking to make sure she wasn’t being pursued, she ran as fast as she possibly could to get away from the Conchita estate.
