Ten days later Platonic was in Lioness, having safely escaped from the Conchita estate. This was to report to AB-CIR, who was in the castle of Lord Hedgehog.

In the center of the castle there was a clock tower. All of the rooms in its basement had been made into prison cells, where criminals and prisoners of war were kept. AB-CIR was before that basement passage.

“—Then does this mean you have shamelessly scurried home without completing your objective?” he sighed disgustedly, petting the head of the red cat on his right shoulder.

But it was Platonic who wanted to complain.

“Isn’t that obvious!? You didn’t say anything about there being such a monster there!”

Just a deviant would have been simpler. That mansion was the home of a demon that surpassed human knowledge. It was hard to think that AB-CIR had sent her in without knowing about that.

There was always suspicious talk surrounding AB-CIR. The lord of the castle he resided in now, Lord Hedgehog, was a fairly ghastly man himself. It was said that the prisoners in his basement would be taken one by one to the room at the top of the tower, and be killed after receiving torture. And there were also rumors that Lord Hedgehog was being made to do this by AB-CIR, who served him.

If he wasn’t the kind to pay her up front, Platonic wouldn’t have even thought of involving herself with him.

The servants of the Conchita estate hadn’t been able to see her face thanks to her wearing a mask, but Conchita likely was able to memorize her exactly. There was no phantom thief who would steal into the house of someone who knew what she looked like a second time. Platonic had arrived there intending to wash her hands of the matter.

AB-CIR had probably guessed as much. He linked both hands behind his head and made a troubled expression.

“But if even you can’t manage it then I’m completely out of options.”

“You should go there yourself. Go and bang-bang them with your special magic.“

She had heard tale of AB-CIR’s great deeds from her late mentor. Like Platonic, AB-CIR had apparently also had someone he called a mentor once.

The wicked sorceress "IR”, who manipulated flames–AB-CIR had thrown down the gauntlet with her, and despite receiving serious wounds he defeated her quite splendidly. Him always wearing a glove on his right hand was supposedly to hide the injury he’d sustained in that battle.

Platonic thought that if he really had powers that strong, then not even those white corpse monsters would slow him down. Though she’d never actually seen him use any magic.

But AB-CIR shook his head.

“I can’t leave this country right now. I have things I’m looking for here aside from the wineglass.”

“…Regardless, I’m giving up on this case.”

No matter how high the reward, having her life was fundamental.

“I see. Then I suppose that’s that. I’ll send you on a different job.”

“…This isn’t another dangerous one, is it?”

“Well, I think it’s safe. At least, more so than with Conchita. I promise to pay you the same sum as I was going to do this time as your compensation.“

She valued her life, but money was the next most important thing. She couldn’t fully trust in AB-CIR’s words, but it was true that she wanted to get herself out of the red.

While Platonic was unable to reply immediately, she suddenly heard a young man yell from one of the cells.

“Hey! You said ‘Conchita’, just now.”

It seemed as though the man had overheard their conversation. He was dressed in much nicer clothing than the other prisoners, and his blue eyes were glaring their way.

“…Who is that?” Platonic asked.

AB-CIR carelessly replied, “Hmm, ah. This is a prince that was captured in Marlon. I believe that his name is…Carlos.”

–This is off topic, but it’s said that what AB-CIR was looking for in the country of Lioness at the time was a “blue spoon”.

He was collecting seven implements that were called “Vessels of Deadly Sin”. It’s only natural to assume that the “Wineglass of Conchita” was one of them.

AB-CIR had in his possession a “sword” and a “doll”, which were also among the “Vessels of Deadly Sin”. He once obtained the “wineglass” from Muzuri as I already told you, but thanks to his own carelessness he was captured by Marlon, and he had to part with all of them for a time.

How could someone like him, who was supposed to have had powerful magic, suffer such an embarrassing defeat? It’s not clear, but one theory is that he was in a state unable to unleash the true potential of his power.

This is what’s written in the book by historian Wil Jaako:

AB-CIR wasn’t a “he” but a “she”. Despite her true nature being as a woman, she was stuck using a man as a representation of her spirit. This condition was enough to make AB-CIR lose her proper talents, and so for that reason the sorceress did not display any noticeable actions during this era. Alongside trying to gather the vessels, the sorceress searched for a new body. It is thought that her networking with Platonic, who was a descendant of the "remaining dregs of sloth”, was a part of that; however, in the end her latent potential wasn’t enough to satisfy the sorceress. Needless to say, this wasn’t referring to her potential as a phantom thief. The sorceress had judged that Platonic was not suitable as a representation of her.

…I don’t really understand it myself.

Well, after the palate cleanser comes the final meat dish.

And for the tale of Conchita, too, the main meat of the story is up next.
