From time to time, Milky would have doubts.

Like why was she so attached to that man as she was?

It wasn’t like she was afraid of being alone.

Milky could live by herself. She was proud to say that she had the strength for that.

As long as she had magical talent, she could handle anything this country threw at her.

…But then, she’d only realized that fact after she became an adult.

When she was young, Milky hadn’t known the way to capitalize on her talents.

She hadn’t been able to receive any instruction on doing so.

That wasn’t her fault. Her parents had been poor, and had no education themselves.

It was a cycle of weakness…One’s circumstances could make a person shine, but also dull them too.

Even to this day there were probably countless talents being buried, undiscovered.

Milky was herself one of these “pitiful prodigies”. She had never received the supposedly obligatory measure of her magical potential, raised in drab clothing and greedily devouring scraps of rock-hard root vegetables for food.

There was a very real chance that she would have lived and died in poverty, with nothing changing.

But fortunately—she’d been discovered.

By a man named Pale Noel.

She hadn’t forgotten that day even now.

When she chanced upon him injured in a back alley, she’d known at a glance that he was a dangerous man.

It might have been the circumstances she was raised in, or it may have been that Milky was well attuned to the scent given off by villains.

Even so, she hadn’t hesitated to tend to his wounds.

She had known right away.

That this was the man she’d been “destined” for.

Thinking on it now, it was probably just simple love at first sight.

But Milky’s thinking hadn’t really been wrong, in practice.

For Pale had changed her destiny.

.

She’d had little resistance to involving herself with the organization named Apocalypse.

To stain her hands with crime…In reality, it wasn’t greatly different from what she’d done before.

Theft, prostitution, and murder.

The only difference was whether it was for herself and her family, or an organization.

Thanks to Pale’s genius, Milky became aware of her excellent innate potential, and was able to make it bloom even further.

Magical power was a convenient thing, not just in simply operating magical machines, but also in setting things on fire, manipulating people’s minds, finding that which can’t be seen…You could cause a lot of things to happen using the arts this way.

Although Milky couldn’t wield such advanced spells, having no training as she did.
Her greatest skill was in dividing up the huge quantity of magic that welled up from within her among her comrades. Milky had innate potential, but there were many others in Apocalypse that were greater prodigies than her. Milky would supply the magical power to let these people increase their abilities yet further. …It was a simple, yet crucial role.

That was around the time she learned the pleasure of sexual intercourse. She’d done that at first because it was the most effective method of giving over magical power. There hadn’t been any pain like she’d imagined there would be; in fact, quite the opposite. Maybe that was because her partner had been Pale.

After that she’d had relations with many other partners. Regardless of gender. Pale had not only given her permission to do so, he’d encouraged her. The public morals that were practiced by society at large didn’t exist inside Apocalypse.

Only, no matter how many people she took to her bed, in her heart her only lover was Pale. He also slept with other women, but something like that wasn’t a big problem for her.

Those were days full of fun and stimulation.

It was the happiest time of Milky’s life.

–But those days had met an abrupt end.

One day Pale had been captured by peacekeeping forces alongside all the other top brass…and then they’d all been executed.

Unsurprisingly, without its leader Apocalypse had crumbled after that.
