Mikulia Greeonio is a Princess.

——At least, she thinks so.

I am the princess of some country but, due to high class reasons, I was discarded at the edge of a flume\* at the entrance to this village. Anywho, a prince with dreamy chestnut hair——He’s my fiance who’ll come whisk me away. And then I’ll return to being a Princess and live happily married to my Prince Charming.

…… As she’d say.

Whether it’s delusion or reality isn’t the case anyhow.

Currently, she is just a simple peasant farmer living in air stenched in horse manure and sawdust. At first, her adoptive parents that took her in as a foundling thought she was a blessing from heaven and so raised her with love and importance.

But, that was until they discovered Mikulia’s intelligence problem. She was obviously not as bright as the other children. What everyone else could do, she herself could not. It was an issue for the young Mikulia, but her environment didn’t look after her with tender care.

Even though she is now eighteen years old, Mikulia’s mind remained that of a child.

She was treated as a nuisance by those around her.

Mikulia hated the people around her as well.

She wanted to leap away from this village at any given time.

Yet, the she as such wasn’t able to.

And so she fantasizes today as well.

I am a Princess. Someday my Prince Charming will come to whisk me away.

He’ll rescue me from my wicked stepmother.

---

\*The term used for “flume” (用水路) refers to an irrigation channel or ditch, commonly used by fuedal peasant farmers to provide water to crops.
