“Replace this katana with the sword you are holding and pierce it through your chest. You will then be able to attain what you desire from your wishes.”

“… What is the meaning of this?”

The shocked male asked, eyes glinting with interest. Even though he was slightly troubled that he was asked to pierce a katana through his chest, his desire for 'love’ was stronger.

“To put it simply, I’m a sorceress suggesting you to make a contract with the forbidden demon.”

“You said… demon?!”

He convulsed visibly.

“Are you scared after hearing the word 'demon’? ”

“No… why will i be scared. Instead, i feel familiar with it.”

“Ho…?”

“Since everyone used to call me a 'demon’ ”

The male finally threw away the short sword and took the katana from IR’s hands.

“I don’t know if you are a real sorceress … but even if you are lying, this only changes the weapon i use to kill myself— ”

His speech was suddenly cut off and he fell into silence.

—- Join me.

“…What? There’s someone else here?!”

IR watch ecstatically as the male looked around frantically.

“You heard someone talking?”

“Yes… saying something like 'Join me'… ”

Join me.

Give me your everything.

“… Ah, it’s here again. What’s that voice?”

“Hehe… Is that voice causing you discomfort?”

“…No, it actually feels very nice.”

“That means you hold the right to make the contract. Since that’s the voice of the demon.”

The male removed the katana from its sheath, raising it up to eye level.

“… The voice of a demon? Seems like this is a real deal then.”

The purple sword reflected light from the fireplace, shining lightly.

IR stood by the male, a smile slowly lighting up on her face.

“Well then. Since it’s already at this stage, I will do anything. If by this — ”

The male faced the sword towards him, raising it above his neck.

“ — I can attain you, Gumina — ”

Then, it pierced through his chest.

That’s right.

This is the right choice.

Fresh red blood blossomed from his chest, spilling all over the floor.

The proof of contract.

I have indeed received it

Your blood which is filled with lust.

The blood wasn’t stopping.

Not long after, the blood turned purple.

— Come, let’s share a dance.
