Since yesterday and going on today, she had seen death’s door multiple times.

Attacked by Gatt Coulomb, her throat almost slit by Lemy as he was revived over and over, fired into a peculiar space after being caught up in the explosion caused by the red cat, and after all that she was almost eaten by a giant skeleton. The blast from the convergence of power had once again invited Gumillia to a new location, it seemed.

It was a dreary place, with dirt and bedrock as far as she could see. There were a lot of chasms in the ground, and from deeper within them she could see red lava flowing. But, strangely enough she felt no heat.

This place was quite large. The horizon spread out far in all four directions. And the sky was obscured by a surface of black. A black that was unlike that of the night sky or rain clouds.

There looked to be people here. Men and women alike were all naked, and each of them either sat scattered on the ground or stood around in a stupor, looking up at the sky. Gumillia decided to try talking to an old man that was closest to her.

“Excuse me.”

“Hm? What is it, miss?”

“What is this place?”

“…Ah, a new arrival. This place is the Hellish Yard. Where the dead assemble.”

“The Hellish Yard…!?”

Then did that mean that Gumillia had died? Certainly, the shock that she’d received back then had been strong enough to do so.

The old man continued talking.
“You can see the river of lava I assume. Follow it up. Once you do, you’ll come to see a giant door. And once you’ve passed through, then you’ll be able to reach Heaven, safe and sound.”

“Why haven’t you gone?”

“I’ll go eventually. But…I need a bit more courage. I am a man who once killed his wife and abandoned his son. And committed many other misdeeds besides. There are probably a lot of people waiting for me in heaven who despise me. I need to figure out how I should face these people—and so I’m hanging around here a bit longer to put my feelings in order. It’s probably the same sort of situation with all the others here.”

“Even people who have, committed crimes can equally enter Heaven?”

“This…is an abandoned place. Strictly speaking there would probably be a ‘Master of the Hellish Yard’, and that person would decide whether the dead can go to Heaven or Hell. But God didn’t deploy a ‘Master of the Hellish Yard’ to this place. So now this place is just a mere highway, unable to fulfill its established role. –That’s what I’ve heard from the others.”

“I see…Are there any new arrivals here, aside from me?”

“Maybe. You should try heading over to the door. Most of the dead people are probably gathering there.”

Gumillia bowed her head to the old man, and then started walking along the river.

.

As he’d said, there was an enormous door there. There was a zigzagging bridge over the river of lava, and it looked as though once you crossed it, you’d arrive at the door.

Before the bridge was a single woman—or no, not a woman but a man. The pervert wearing the maid uniform was there, with his foot planted on a mask-like object.
“Behemo…so you died too.”

“Hey, Gumillia. That’s not it. I was just blown down here to the Hellish Yard by the blast. It’s probably the same for you.”

“What’s the mask?”

“Ah…you mean this guy?”

Behemo scooped up the mask and handed it to Gumillia. The mask was a half-mask that only covered the top of someone’s face, with ominous symbols painted on it. And there was no hole to see out of the left eye section.

“—So we meet again, Gumillia.”

Shockingly, the mask could talk. And she recognized the voice.

“You’re…The Demon of Wrath!”

“Yes, this is my true form. A mask with a will—a species that doesn’t exist in this world, but they flourished in the ‘Second Period’, enough to form a country consisting of nothing but the mask race.”

Behemo took the mask from Gumillia’s hand.

“Seems the blast wielded influence even outside of the mental world. The Demon of Gluttony probably opened a hole when she entered. And so this guy got caught up in it as well.”

Upon hearing that, the mask started cackling.

“Goodness, what a blunder…Though it looks like that other person staying in the key escaped.”
“The other person?” Gumillia asked.

“Yeah. There was another being inside the golden key. Apparently he was repelled from the key as well, and wound up being blow somewhere far away. …I have to think that he’s found some other vessel and climbed inside it by now.”

There were no other figures before the bridge. Gumillia looked around them, and then asked Behemo, “Where are Levia, Irina, Eve, and the ‘Demon of Gluttony’—”

“They didn’t come here. As for what happened to them…I don’t know.”

“Is there a way out of here?”

“I don’t know any way up to the ground world. But it looks like we can head to Heaven for now. Held is likely up there. Asking him about it might be the fastest way to find out.”

Behemo started to cross over the bridge, holding the mask. Gumillia followed after him.

The door was closed, but as Behemo grew closer it opened automatically. A dazzling light seeped out. The light was too bright to see what was on the other side.

“Come on, let’s go—to the ‘Heavenly Yard’.”

Behemo started to enter the door, but the mask stopped him.

“Hold it. Leave me here.”

“…? Why?”

“I don’t want to go to the Heavenly Yard. I don’t want to meet all of them there.”
“But if you don’t, you won’t be able to return to the ground world.”

“I don’t care. I’ve gotten tired of that place. And it looks like there are a lot of new sights here in the Hellish Yard. I would like to start some new research here, now.”

“I see…Well, do whatever you want. See ya, Seth.”

Behemo flung the mask down, and then went through the door.

Gumillia moved to follow him, but the moment that the light touched her left arm, she could feel an extreme heat. She immediately pulled it back.

–Her arm was burned black.

If she entered the door, she’d be burned to a crisp.

“What is it? Aren’t you coming?”

She could hear Behemo’s voice from inside the light.

“Too hot to enter.”

“Ah…So that’s it. That’s a problem. The only ones who can enter the ‘Heavenly Yard’ are dead people. You arrived here in the Hellish Yard while still alive…”

“So why are, you alright?”

“I’m a god. Gods are special cases.”

What did that mean? If she couldn’t go to heaven or return to the ground world, did that mean that she had no choice but to spend the rest of eternity here in the Hellish Yard?

“Is there, really no way to go to the ground world from here?” Gumillia asked Behemo.

“Didn’t I tell you? I have no idea. The only person who knows is ‘Master of the Hellish Yard’—but she’s not here right now.”

“Where, are they?”

“…The Master of the Hellish Yard is my sister, Levia. As long as she’s not in the Hellish Yard, you will never get out.”

Lying on the ground, the mask again started cackling. Gumillia stomped on the mask as hard as she could, and said, steadying her resolve, “…Then, I will wait here. Until the day that Levia—that Elluka Clockworker comes to, get me.”

“Haha, what a laughable thing. My sister, come to get you? …Well, that might end up being the case.”

“–? What do you mean?”

“She’s already regained her memories. And our wish—is to destroy the world. If my sister hasn’t forgotten that, then it’ll come to pass sooner or later. As the ground world is destroyed, the barrier between it and the Hellish Yard will be dissolved, and so it may become possible for you to leave and for her to come here.”

Was Behemo still aiming for the destruction of the ground world? Gumillia asked him, and after a moment she heard his reply.

“I’ve…had enough. I’ve slept for so long I’ve stopped caring about all of that. I had wanted to end everything and rebuild the world anew before humans could prosper. But it’s too late. There are a lot of humans in the ground world now, aren’t there? I no longer have enough inclination left in me to reset them.”

“…”

She prayed that he wasn’t lying. At least, it was the only thing Gumillia could do then.

“Gumillia. I don’t mind that you’re waiting here, but…The Hellish Yard has a miasma. It will slowly eat at your mind. It’d be nice if you could hold onto your sanity until my sister gets here.”

“Wha…!?”

“Well then—I’m off. Try to hang in there, kay?”

She could hear footsteps from within the light. The sound was growing steadily farther away.

“—Wait, Behemo!”

Eventually, she was no longer able to hear the footsteps.

The mask continued to laugh, with Gumillia still pressing her foot down on him

“Is this time to be laughing, Seth? At this rate you and I, will be driven mad by the miasma.”

The mask stopped laughing.

“That is a problem… But managing a situation is the duty of a scientist. First I suppose I’ll start researching a way to ward off the miasma.”
So it seemed that all she could do was put her hopes on Seth’s intellect. Gumillia took her foot off the mask.

“However…” the mask murmured with a serious tone, “Unfortunately, I obviously have no arms or legs as I am now. My research cannot commence in this state. So then. I want to put you to work as my limbs.”

“You want me to help you.” Gumillia thought on it for a moment. “—Fine. Seems like the only way I have.”

“If it’s too troublesome to carry me around, then I’d be ever so grateful if you could put me on as a mask. …Relax. I’m not some cursed mask—I won’t take over your body. It’s just that, being on a person’s face is very calming for me, given that I am, after all, a mask.”

“…Don’t trust you.”

“Oh no, you must believe me. I upheld our agreement during the battle with Lemy, didn’t I?”

“…Tch.”

Clicking her tongue, Gumillia picked up the mask and then put it on.

“—The left eye should be covered up, but I can still see just fine.”

“Don’t make light of my functions. While you are wearing the mask, you can see all even in darkness, and be able to read the hearts of other people. –Come, first we should begin by searching for materials and building some tools.”
Gumillia nodded, and began walking away.
