This was a red world. A space that existed inside the “Glass of Conchita”.

.

The “Demon of Gluttony” Banica Conchita was sitting before a long table. Lined up on the table were a number of bizarre dishes that her servant Arte had brought her.

“Time to eat.”

After Banica said that, she spiritedly started eating. Arte sat down next to her and started elegantly pulling in food.

While holding a great amount of food in her mouth, Banica spoke up to Arte, “Where’s Pollo? He’s not gonna come eat?”

“He’s still sulking in the corner there.”

“What a bother…”

“Nah, it’s just that Lemy…Pollo’s pretty mad. You did try to kill the woman he called his mother just a little while ago.”

“But it’s fine now. I didn’t succeed, after all.”

“That’s not really the problem—Things have gotten to be a bit of a mess.”

Banica swallowed down all of the food in her mouth, and then started to reach for new dishes. “If you think about it, it’s actually quite convenient. I’ve managed to bundle together all the people who serve as a nuisance to me.”

“—What kind of state are they in right now? A fusion of several souls being put into one body like that.”

“The three ‘Ma’ candidates have become one. And so they all lived happily ever after.”

“I wouldn’t call that a happy ending.”

“…Well, let’s leave them be for a while. I have other things to do. I’ve finally gotten you and Pollo—or rather, the ‘Twins of God’ Hänsel and Gretel.”

Banica quickly and skillfully at up her food using a fork, and then finally swallowed the fork down.

“Let’s look for the ‘grave yard’. Once we’ve found it, I will complete my plan as ‘Master of the Graveyard’.”

“But we can’t go outside the glass in our current state. Outside of places like the ‘court’, if we leave we’ll only exist as ‘voices’.”

“So we need to first find a new ‘contractor’. I must achieve my goal before the other—masters pull out ahead of me.”

Banica had eaten up everything that was on the table.
.

“—What a magnificent feast.”
