Despite having such an explosion and shockwave inside it, the tunnel that Pale Noel’s grave was inside had hardly crumbled at all.

A single woman walked outside the tunnel.

When she’d been inside the tunnel, she’d been sitting in a wheelchair. She likely would not have made it to the complex tunnel interior without her apprentice’s help.

However, now the woman was steadily walking with both of her legs. She no longer needed a wheelchair. She didn’t know what operation had made things that way.

Despite being able to walk now, the fact hadn’t changed that her body was wearing out.

She would need to find a new body as soon as possible. And it would need to be a superior body that could receive her soul, now that it had grown so much more powerful.

There was one body left lying in the tunnel that was still decently alive. But she could no longer use that one. Now that it had been released from the red cat’s spell, it had already begun to undertake rapid aging. She’d rather use the body she had now than that one.

There was one other problem.

Despite her high magical power, she had become almost completely unable to use magic. She’d held her hand out into the air as a test, but no wind, fire, or lightning came forth.

This must mean that I can’t use my ‘Hypnosis’ either—I’ll need to somehow recall the ‘Swap Technique’ soon, at the very least.

The swap technique had the effect of making the body that she dwelled in live a long life. Fortunately that effect alone hadn’t run out. She’d probably still have that for at least another two or three hundred years.

Before then, she would have to recall the swap technique and find a suitable body.

Those were the conditions for her to continue living.

But…Why do I need to survive so, that I would go to such lengths?

In the first place—

Who in the world was she?

It wasn’t that she had forgotten her memory. On the contrary, she had more memories than a single body could hold.

Levia, Irina, and Eve. She was in possession of all of their memories.

Only one consciousness could manifest per one body. That is, she could have been one of the three women—but that wasn’t the case.

The three souls had fused. And thanks to that, an entirely new personality was in control of this body.

Once more it asked itself.
Who in the world am I?

.

This body bore the name of “Elluka Clockworker”. So for now I should continue to use that name.

But my real name isn’t “Elluka”.

What did—

What did I aim for?

.

That’s right.

I

Once tried to become “Ma”.

.

My.

My real name is

.

–“Ma”
