among the royal family. He bought his knighthood to become a noble, giving him greater political
influence.

Keel was born in the West Island of Marlon. Among Marlon’s people, he was known to be a young man
who owned an unfair business. Because of it, he is being hunted down. He fled the country together
with his lover to Elphegort.

His lover is now his wife.

“The Freesis couple has three children. We would sometimes help and take care of them. Mr. Keel has
become the first big business man in Elphegort or even in Evillious as a whole. His house was larger than
some of the lower nobility; very spacious like that of the Royal Palace.”

The owner is telling some of his own stories in general, a little complacent.

“Managing an inn like this requires lots of servants…”

“Eh? Has missy thought of a good idea?”

Inadvertently emerging can also be associated with bright ideas. But at this time, the owner was just
making fun of me. The owner has the tendency to be attracted to good ideas. Even calling me “missy” is
kind of disturbing.

The inn is not operating properly and I’m beginning to worry about money. The money Elluka gave me is
slowly vanishing and we couldn’t sell all the property we had as we had to escape from the village. Thus,
we have to earn a living.

Though it’s kind of irritating, but the inn has not enough money to hire someone. Due to the poor
harvest this year, the city is in a downturn. Although we exerted effort, beside me, no one would hire
someone from the Netsuma tribe like Clarith. We were hoping that we could work in the same place
but given the hopeless situation, it’s impossible. The owner is a kind person, but if you mention money
to them, they become stingy. If we were unable to pay for the accommodations, the owner would
relentlessly kick us out. If it comes to that, we have no choice but to work alone.

“Can I ask if Mr. Keel’s wife need of some new servant?”

By any means, I have to investigate Keel and look for ‘sin’. If we can sneak into Keel’s home as servants,
we would be hitting two birds with one stone.

“Though if you’re looking for that kind of work, will you be able find one?”

“Mr. Keel and his servant will be coming here tomorrow. I can ask him if you like.”

She said while counting the coins. This is very exciting news. While the inn provide accommodation,
during their leisure time, they operate a business of selling Lolam bird feathers. Every month, the servant
of Mr. Keel’s wife would drop by and buy the feathers. I have no special memories about the Lolam bird
but for Elphegorteans, its feather is a very precious item than can be used as a feather pen.

“Thank you! Thank you very much madam!”
