“Ha ha! You can thank me later when you get hired.”

Keel and his wife are not Elphegorteans. If it all goes well, maybe Clarith will get employed too. We have
finally seen hope. I slowly and quietly got back to our room and saw Clarith lying in bed, sleeping. To
find a job, everyday she would run around the city. She must be really tired. When we wake up
tomorrow, I’m going to tell her all about it. As I kept thinking about it, I fell asleep.

The next day, the one who came to the hotel wasn’t Mr. Keel but his wife…

Of course, I haven’t seen Mr. Keel’s wife before but I could tell from her appearance. Even her servant
looks very temperament.

“Today, I’m the one who is going to pick the goods. We have to tidy up things today.”

She approached the counter then quietly sat next down. The owner was surprised and had ordered me
to fetch some tea in the warehouse.

As I brought the tea, we all gazed at her. She is entirely different from the people of the village. She gives
out an atmosphere of elegance. I heard she was originally from Marlon, becoming the wife of a noble and
now a businessman’s wife. Even all through that, she has not lost her elegance.

“……Do you mind removing your gaze at my red hair?”

The lady said while drinking a cup of tea. She then smiled at me.

“Ah… I’m sorry for staring at you…”

Even though she was looking down on me, she still kept her smile. She must already be accustomed to
people staring at her.

“Well, it doesn’t matter. In this country, excluding green hair, other hair colors is very rare.”

“No, it’s not that. It’s just that you’re too beautiful… god has blessed you very much.”

“I’m very happy. Thank you very much. You also have a beautiful face. I was startled when I saw you.
The sound of your voice is also very pleasing to my ears.”

“Thank you. It is an honor to receive a compliment from you.”

“You don’t have to restrain yourself. Looking at your hair, I wonder, are you a pure Elphgortean? The
couple who owns this inn doesn’t seem to be your relative… and you also have an unusual aura;
something not from this world.”

As a businessman’s wife, she seems to have a very good eye to judge a person. Although she wouldn’t
be able to see my true identity, but I’m still getting a little worried.”

“For some reasons, I’m currently staying here.”
