“For someone as young as you, it must be hard”

She said but she looked younger than me. This is the consistent problem with aging. Even so, she has a
youthful face, not showing to anybody her real age.

“I have been through a lot when I was young. It was especially harder when we arrived in this country!”

“Elphegort is a country that treats immigrants fairly harsh. Even so, The Freesis Foundation handled it
and has achieved great success. It’s really fantastic. From what I heard, even from a distant, Mr. Keel’s
house is as spacious as far as the eyes can see.”

We’re about to reach the right topic. Although I’m not very confident with my speaking skills, but it’s
worth a try.

“Thank you. But having a large house is also a problem… Recently, several of our servants have resigned
so we lack some manpower… Although it’s a little embarrassing to say this, but that is the reason for
my trip today.”

“Soooo…”

The lady had a distressed smile.

Even so, lacking in servants is rare.

“Well, I may be able to help… but actually we are two people who are looking for a job…”

Mrs. Freesis has become aware of my intentions. Her fingers caressed her eyes and her palm holding her
cheek, showing a serious demeanor.

“Are you telling me… to hire you?”

“Yes…”

Mrs. Freesis gave me a judging eye again. I’m getting nervous; hands trembling.

“Didn’t you say there are two of you?”

“”Yes, she just went out… she will be back soon”

As I finished saying that, the door opened. It was Clarith. Looking at her frustrated expression, I’m
guessing she isn’t successful again.

Clarith found out about Mrs. Freesis. She has not thought of anything to say to her. Mrs. Freesis
approached Clarith.

“Is she the one you were talking about?”

“Yes”
