Mrs. Freesis showed her disbelief. Although it’s a little off topic, but for her to “hate Elphegorteans”
must be her true feelings.

“Yes, I constantly suffered from the hands of Elphegorteans but only Michaela befriended me. Because of
her, I’m very happy”

“Even so, but I also said that even if you’re friends doesn’t mean you have to work in the same place
right?”

“I know I’m headstrong! But…”

Clarith bowed her head. I’ve never seen Clarith have a firm tone when begging. In the end, tears still
flowed from her eyes.

“Even if just for a short period of time, I want to be with Michaela…”

Clairth still had her head down. I also bowed and begged. After a long moment of silence, Mrs. Freesis
lifted my head and said:

“……Alright. Starting tomorrow, both of you come to my home to begin working. I warn you, it will
not be easy.”

There was a big smile in Clarith’s face. She then hugged me tightly.

“I’m so glad Michaela! We will be able to work together!”

“Clarith…”

I also hugged Clarith with joy.

In this way, we decided to work in the Freesis home. Servants should live in their master’s house so
Clarith and I packed our luggage and left the inn.

✿ Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Freesis Mansion” ~

After a one/three(?) month(s) probation, I have finally become a low servant in charge of washing
clothes.

Originally, Elphegort has a cold climate but as of today, we are in the cold season. We are doing laundry
today. The water is so cold you would get frost bite immediately. To prevent freezing, I blow hot air
unto my hands. Today is the worst time to get employed as a servant.

As I finished washing the clothes for the third time, Clarith came carrying a basket full of children’s
clothes.

“Thank you for the hard work Clarith. The water is too cold, you have to be careful”

Even though I warned her, Clarith still dipped her finger into the water and said: “It is!” Clarith
whispered out. The people doing laundry with us laughed.
