“Just be careful. We don’t want you to slip and get frozen to death”

I jokingly said. Clarith rubbed her hands on her clothes then she smiled.

Unlike most servants, Clarith has a particular job to do. She had to look after the Freesis couple’s eldest
daughter, Yukina Freesis. She just turned nine this year and is too mischievous for servants to handle.
She likes to read and write her own stories (I heard from Mrs. Freesis the reason why they buy the
Lolam bird feather is for Yukina to use as a pen). She would also sometimes want her servant to write
down her feelings. Only a small number of servants are literate. Even if they are literate, in most cases,
they would be busy with work to look after her.

With Clarith being a farmer, I never would have thought that she could read. According to her, she was
taught by her mother at an early age. Because of her ability to read and her red eyes and white hair, Ms.
Yukina has become attached to her.

Therefore, Clarith has been tasked to take care of Ms. Yukina. All of the parent’s energy is used to take
care of their second son and reason why Ms. Yukina is feeling lonely. For her, Clarith is a suitable
playmate. In the outside, she is working very hard, but in the inside, I can see that she is very happy.

“Michaela and Clarith, can you please come inside?”

While we were drying the clothes, Gerda called us out.

“Mr. Felix wants to see you”

“Us? Why?”

Originally, the butler Bruno is in charge of greeting guests but the day before yesterday, Bruno became
an entourage for the Freesis couple for they had to go to Lucifenia’s Kingdom. It was said they had to
participate in the birthday party of Lucifenia’s princess.

However, senior servants are supposed to greet guest. Why us?

“The Earl named the two of you. Are you two acquainted with the Earl?”

Gerda looked at us with an expression of disbelief. Of course, we know that Earl Felix is the owner of
Yatski Village but we haven’t actually seen him in person. What we didn’t expect that the Earl has
awareness of us ordinary people of the village. We attentively studied the etiquette when greeting guest
and how to place the tea set on the table.

“Mr. Keel has just arrived and will be attending to him in a moment. You mustn’t make any mistake”

With that being said, after all, this is our first time entertaining our guest. We nervously opened the
door to the living room and walked in. In the room, an elegant middle aged man was sitting on a chair
while a young man was as if waiting in the side of the room.

“Excuse me. Here are your drinks and snacks. Master will be attending to you in moment.”
