I carefully poured tea into the cup. As Clarith was about to place the snacks, she suddenly gave a faint
cry.

I asked Clarise what went wrong. When I looked up, I saw the eyes of the young man standing next to
the Earl.

“Ein?! Why are you here?”

Mr. Keel entered the room and had important matters to talk about. Clarith and I were sent out of the
room.

“I heard from the owner of the inn that you have come here to work. I asked the Earl to take me along.
I’m glad that you two are doing well.”

Ein did not change at all. He still had a hearty smile to present.

“Are you OK Ein? What about the Village?”

“My father was arrested. I can’t replace him as the chieftain so somebody else has to do it”

“You haven’t returned to the village?”

“I haven’t yet because the Earl appointed me to join Elphegort’s army”

“The army?”

Quietly hiding behind me was Clarith. She seems to be shocked by the sudden news.

Before leaving the village, Ein’s job was to look after poultry. In order to protect their things, he asked
Eugen to teach him how to use a sword.

“My dream is to be a great swords man like LeonHart Avadonia and Gast Venom. If I become strong, I
will be able to protect the person most important to me. I would also consider killing my father to
avenge Eugen”

“An important… person?”

Ein’s eyes became shy and slender. His line of sight was not on my face but was behind me a bit.

The door to the living room was opened by the butler Bruno. The meeting seems to have finally ended.
