“I see. Lucifenia’s financial problems has become difficult to handle”

“I was afraid to show authority. I was shocked when they showed that giant cake”

“And in contrast, the public is struggling from poverty… right?”

“Yes. Lucifenia’s poor harvest had a huge impact on them”

“Well, I’ll listen to your remarks, but more than anything else, everything is okay. Thank you very much,
you’re Excellency, Keel Freesis”

As the duo came out of the room, the three of us straightened our posture. At that moment, we saw
Ms. Yukina all exhausted from running across the hall.

As Ms. Yukina was running, he bumped into Mr. Keel.

“Ah?!”

“Daddy!! You came back!”

Ms. Yukina bumped into Mr. Keel’s chest. Even so, Mr. Keel just gave off a smile while his glasses slightly
slid off. He gently patted his daughter’s head.

“You came back and didn’t come see me first!”

“I’m sorry Yukina. Father has lots of work to be done. How about I read a book for you?”

Seeing Keel being a fatherly figure to his daughter, Earl Felix just squinted his eyes and laughed.

“It seems the great Keel Freesis has an image that he has never shown to the kingdom”

“Even so, I would rather have a child like Yukina than Lucifenia’s Daughter of Evil”

Keel said, the Earl laughed out loud. He then called out to Ein and walked towards the direction of the
entrance.

“E-E-Ein!”

Suddenly, from behind me, Clarith jumped out and shouted at Ein:

“Thank you for helping us! Thank you very much!”

Ein did not look back. He just gently waved his hand and left with the Earl.

Although he was far and it was quite unclear, but I think you can faintly see Ein rubbing his eyes, he’s
probably crying.

✿ Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Freesis Mansion • Garden”

After we had dinner, I was waiting for Clarith in front of the fountain in the garden.

This garden’s vegetation is planted in accordance to Mrs. Freesis’s preference. It was a lonely landscape;
because of the cold weather, plant do not bloom their flowers.

“I’m sorry! Ms. Yukina was refusing to sleep…”

“It’s alright. Thanks for the hard work”
