“It’s cold right? Don’t you want to get warm?”

Clarith ran all the way here then she immediately hugged me. Seeing her smile, It naturally eased down
my face.

We are always quite busy during the day. Us servants are always in a hurry and we really couldn’t get
some alone time in the servant’s room so we would always come here in garden after dinner. We
wouldn’t do anything special in particular; we would just chat together. Clarith would always tell me Ms.
Yukina’s naughty deeds or tell me the story that she wrote. It was such a happy moment where we talk
outside without others intruding; a scenario that would never happen in the previous village.

“Ms. Yukina’s written stories are very interesting. For a nine year old to write such a story, she really is
a genius!”

The Clarith now cannot be compared to the previous Clarith. Her smile has become more cheerful.
Perhaps because of the environmental change, she has become more colorful. She is much more
beautiful now than when we first met and also seems to be full of vitality.

“Ms. Yukina’s stories can be published thanks to Mr. Keel’s contribution. I think this time I definitely
want to be famous like her.”

While looking at Clarith who is happily talking about Ms. Yukina, I feel somewhat lonely. Perhaps
because I had the privilege of being the only one who can make her happy.

“……Michaela, what’s wrong?”

I didn’t notice that I let my emotion surface on my face. Getting jealous from a nine year old is
somewhat embarrassing.

“It doesn’t matter. The most important person to me will always be Michaela”

Clarith, again, leaned her body towards me. She seems to want me to understand her encouragement.

“Hey, Michaela, your singing when you were up that hill was really good. I want to hear it again”

“……Okay. Because my singing might disturb others, I will sing softly only”

I inhaled a mouthful of cold air and sang the music box lullaby, letting Clarith and god hear the song.

Thru singing, I can look for ‘sin’. Singing can also be comfortable, forgetting all the hard work we did in a
second.

Just when I was singing the song, the ‘sin’ echoed very loudly.

It came from the warehouse. I can feel its existence when I approach it.

However, the warehouse is tightly sealed off, not letting any low servants inside. To not get any
attention from the people of the mansion, I have to contact Elluka in Lucifenia.
