“I am very confident because today, I have something new to show you! Let me present to you
Michaela, an Elphegortean with a beautiful voice so please enjoy!”

As Mr. Keel gave the signal, I slowly walked on the path set in the venue’s stage. The atmosphere of the
stage changed.

“……What beauty!”

“Who would have thought that Keel-san knows such a beautiful person…”

I wore a gorgeous dress and make up, attracting all those who are present. This is the first time I’ll be
singing in front of so many people. I broke a cold sweat.

“You can do it!” Clarith cheered standing in the shadows of the stage. As I found her, I clenched my fist
and tried to ease my mood.

I was accompanied by a pianist. I focused all of my attention to time the opening concert with the piano
accompaniment. I deeply inhaled the warm indoor air.

I had a rough beginning when I opened my mouth but eventually, the song smoothly came out. When
you start singing, tension eventually disappears.

Do I sing well and do not let people feel silence? Is what I thought while singing.

As the song ended, I hastily bowed. After a moment of silence, an overwhelming applause burst out.

“Splendid!”

“That was way worth it Keel-san!”

I heard a lot of praises. I understood the situation; the mood suddenly lightened. Mr. Keel stood with a
demeanor of triumphant and a smile on his face.

I sang three pieces in a row, each winning the audience. Due to the rising tension and high emotions, I’m
already getting tired but my work isn’t done yet. I have to come with Mr. Keel and socialize with guests
by introducing myself and giving greetings.

I received kind words. Being praised is not a bad thing. I exposed a heartfelt smile.

“You really are successful, Keel”

A blue haired man with a deep voice said to Mr. Keel. Among the guest we have today, I think he is the
youngest of them all.

“Last time, you weren’t satisfied with the performance but are you satisfied now, Kyle?”

“Yes. A goddess with such a beautiful voice… you discovered a treasure.”

This man was called Kyle, smiling brightly in my direction. His smile is somewhat similar to Ein’s.
