I looked at Kyle and thought… If I was an ordinary woman, then should I say I’m happy? Or should I be
shy about it? Or ask him “Why me?” looking all confused? For me, these feelings are not true. Loving a
person categorically is not a bad thing. Well, he would the fifth person that proposed to me. I should
have no problems rejecting him.

“I am very happy for being able to receive your love. But for me, I do not know how to love a man so I
can’t give you an answer. I’m really sorry”

I honestly replied. I think that would get him to leave me.

“You don’t understand… what is love?”

“Up to now, I haven’t been in love… so what is it?”

I can see the “Do you take me as a fool” expression on his face. Kyle seems to be angry and is now
considering.

“Michaela, besides your brother or sister or your family, do you have anybody that is precious to you?

“……Yes, there is someone”

“When this person is in trouble, you want to protect him right?”

“Yes, of course”

“If you are with this person, you feel happy right?”

“Yes”

“The other side has friends other than you and talks about them a lot. Would you accept that?”

Before being able to fluently answer the question, my heart felt a little pain.

“……Although I have to accept, but in my opinion, I can’t accept it”

“Then, you might be in love with this person. But in my personal point of view, I think that kind of love
is capricious. Wanting to meet each other’s thoughts but, on the contrary, they just want to occupy the
other one. The other one shifts his attention to other places and you will be jealous of their friendship.
Although there are many other concerns, but for me, this is the difference of friendship and love.”

“Although……Even so……”

“What?”

“Even if… the other person is a woman?”

“…… That would make me embarrassed.”
