Kyle raised his head and looked up. Of course, the one who came to my mind is Clarith.

“Well, love is not only limited to heterosexuals… if it’s about love, I’m still very immature”

“There is no such thing. At least you know more than I do.”

“……Michaela”

Kyle brings out a shell necklace and places it on my neck.

“It represents my pure love. If you are willing to accept it, I would be very happy”

“…I…I can’t accept it”

“Are you refusing a gift from the King of Marlon”

Kyle seems to be a spoiled child. I knew it was a joke; his cheeks became bright red.

“It’s unfair that you start using your power”

“I’m sorry for messing up the mood. I would like to start as friends first to know you better. Is it alright
with you?”

He bowed his eyebrows with a mischievous smile. I caressed the necklace.

“I guess it is okay to start off as friends.”

“Being able to be friends with the King of Marlon is incredible”

“……Do not anger me”

“I’m kidding~ please take care of me”

As we finished, Kyle walked to the dining room.

I took a short break. I slowly relieved my fatigue then as returned to the venue, I saw Clarith.

“What’s wrong Clarith?”

“……I just saw the Marlon King. What did you two do?”

“Eh? Just a little chat”

“And… What’s this necklace?”

“He… gave it to me”

“That necklace is clearly---“

Clarith looks very unhappy. Her tone became different.

“Clarith, is something wrong?”

“Michaela, please don’t get closer to other people”

“Eh? Why?”

“I’m afraid Michaela will be taken away from me. I would feel terrible… I hope you feel the same way”

Clarith wrinkled her brow as if she was about to cry. Although I’m beside her, why is she still afraid?

“……I’m sorry. I said some strange things today. Please forget what I said”

As Clarith said these, she ran back. Miss Yukina was awoken and angrily shouted: “Don’t run in the
corridors!”. Clarith panicked and immediately bowed her head, asking for forgiveness.

I was again reminded of what Kyle said.

“Love is capricious. Wanting to meet each other’s ideals, but on the contrary, we just want
to keep the person. We feel envy whenever the other person looks in other places.”

I feel these words consistently resonated through Clarith.

“Am i……”
