I can’t sleep today, either. “Today”—it might not be accurate to talk like that. After all, from the day I was born, I’ve never once slept. As for pretending to sleep, I’ve done that many times. I put out the room’s lights, lie down in bed, close my eyes, and the whole world becomes pitch black. Pitch black. It’s pitch black. Nevertheless, my consciousness will never recede, or go anywhere. My mind always stays inside me, clinging and never leaving, always the same. Unable to sleep. Unable to sleep today. Unable to sleep ever. I am sure I will never sleep my whole life. But don’t worry about me. I don’t think of it as a painful thing. I’ve always been this way, you see, it’s just normal to me. So I’m fine. I am fine. What’s important here isn’t me, but him. He’s been troubled over a lack of sleep lately. It seems stressful. Although I can’t comprehend that stress. Because I don’t sleep. Because it’s always been a matter of course for me, so I don’t understand getting worried about being unable to sleep. No matter how much I might want to, there’s nothing for it. Come to think of it, it’s going to be his birthday soon. I’d like to get him a present. So he can be happy. Though the best thing I can think of would be to give him sleep as a present. But I can’t do that. Though if not me, perhaps she could. She was the one who gave me such a splendid present some time ago. She’s the one who gave me that doll. She was the one who gave me that green-haired doll with pigtails, the one that looks so much like me. Thanks to her, I stopped being a doll. Thanks to that doll, I could become a new me. Because that doll became the doll in my place. There is nothing that she can’t do. She will solve everything for me. I am sure that she will get rid of his worries, too. I know she’s coming here tomorrow, so I will try consulting with her then.

.

My old friend, the sorceress, Elluka Clockworker.
