Knowing that we birds are small, there's no way I can bring back a lot of fruits. So I picked the dark ones
that looked very delicious and grasped them inside my claws. Just tasting them is enough.

If everyone likes it, I'll remember to invite them next time and enjoy it together.

(Ah, but then again, if we eat too much, it might pose a problem for the humans)

Prior to that, keeping it hidden from Eldoh-san would also be a problem.

I got up and flew to the sky. Probably because the greedy me took too many fruits, I stumbled during
flight; insisting to fly to the forest shouldn't be a problem.

I tried to flap my wings but I suddenly felt something close behind. When I looked behind, I immediately
saw a huge shadow.

"Hey?"

Obviously, the shadow was targeting me, and gradually catching up on me at a great speed.

Aware of the danger approaching, I tried to speed up as well but it was still no match for the other huge
pair of wings. Six sharp stout claws were going to catch me.

"I beg you! Not again! I- I'm Michaela!"

Although I'm afraid to shout, it seems as though the other one couldn't here. Evidently attacking me, it
couldn't be a spirit nor a forest partner.

Subsequently, my body felt an impact. The other one's claws grasped my whole body. Because of the
intense pain, I let go of the trauben I had been grasping. At that moment, the attacker let go of my body
and went chasing for the fallen fruit.

Aaaah, what just happened. He (or was it a she?) just wanted those trauben? I'm saved...... I guess. Even
so, I found out that my wings had a very serious injury.

My right wing was completely unable to move; blood scattered in the air.

This is bad, REALLY BAD, I'm falling down!

My body lost control and rotated spirally as it dropped to the ground.

✿ Michaela ~ Elphegort Country “Yatski Village” ~

I woke up in a place I wasn’t familiar with.

I was surrounded by walls that were made of processed stones; even the sky, I cannot see it. This is a
place I’ve never seen in the forest.
