“That Clarith… the bandages are all wrong… I’m sorry little birdie”

The old lady placed the small box aside then gently lifted me up. After taking off all the bandages, she
dressed me up again. Although the bandages were more tight than before, it was more comfortable than
before.

“Before healing the wound, the bleeding must be stopped first”

Oh, this cloth is used to treat wounds. Because I never got hurt before, I never knew about it… Eh?
Injured?

(… As a robin, I can get injured. But as spirit, this wound would heal in no time and I could get back to
the forest in no time.)

Wait… why didn’t I think of that earlier?

Although I tried lifting up my robin form, nothing happened. Why is that? I soon figured out the answer.
Because to change forms, I must be in the forest to do it.

(It appears that today is totally out of the question…)

While I was being upset, someone came in from the door again.

“…… I’m back”

The one who spoke had equally long white hair and sullen looking woman holding unto a huge basket.
This woman looks like a younger version of the old lady excluding the gray hair. It’s probably natural(?).

“Mom, with your poor health, you need to rest”

“Having said that, it’s also inappropriate to bask in the sun; it would be bad for your health…… Ah! Yes,
Clarith, the robin woke up.”

She called the old lady “mom”, telling me that these two are mother and daughter. The old lady’s hair
must be because of her age.

The old lady smiled then placed the small box in front of me. What’s inside it? I became curious and
peeked inside…

(Eww! Gross!)

The small box was filled with earth worms.

The old lady smiled and said, “eat it”. For a real robin, this would be a good meal. But I’m a spirit…
eating an earthworm or something like that… forget it.

“Oh, it seems it doesn’t like to eat it”

“Then try to give it this”
