My consciousness disappeared this time.

✿ Michaela ~ Lucifenia Kingdom’s “Forest of Bewilderment • Abandoned House” ~

Eldoh-san and us live in the forest located at the junction of Elphegort and Lucifenia’s border. Humans
who live in the vast forest in the north; Elphegort is a member of the area known as “The Millenium
Tree Forest”. While the portion at the south that is in Lucifenia’s territory is known as the “Forest of
Bewilderment”. Elluka found an abandoned house in the forest of bewilderment for us to take shelter
from and practice.

Elluka said that this abandoned house existed five hundred years ago. Probably because it is not
inhabited that this house has become dilapidated. But inside the house, traces can be found that it has
been recently used (presumably bandits made a base out of here). The only good news is that there are
furniture and cooking utensils. Because of this, us three is able to avoid the rain. It appears that it’s not a
problem living here for the time being.

“Hey! Hey! It’s time to get up! It’s spiritual practice time~”

I beat the rusty pans to wake up the sleeping Elluka. She rubbed her sleepy eyes. The annoying banging
of metal made her climb out of her bed.

“Good Morning Michaela. You’re early as usual…”

“Good morning. Gumillia got up earlier than I did. We’ve already eaten breakfast outside. Come! Hurry!
Hurry!”

“Alright already. I’m getting up… Hey”

“Elluka noticed something as she was staring at my face.

“Michaela, your eyes… you have morning star. A woman’s charm is her eyes. Always remember to wash
your face every now and then”

“Yes!”

I reminded Elluka not to fall asleep again. Waiting outside was a girl playing with her short green hair.
