“Gumillia, Elluka is up. I’ll come join you in a moment.”

“I know… Michaela, where are you going?”

“I’m going to wash my face~”

Nearby the house, there was a spring with clear water. Directly drinking the water will not pose a
problem. I gazed at the reflection made by the spring’; a young girl with a pair of long green pigtails and a
pair of green eyes. I smiled, she also smiled.

Yes, the reflection made by the spring wasn’t made by someone else, but “myself”.

I am now “Michaela”, a human existing in this world.

Before living in the human world, it’s important to learn some basic stuff such as national history,
geography, human life and habits… we need a bundle of knowledge in order to live in the human world.
Elluka will be teaching us for a month. During this period, she will be teaching us personal stuff about the
one we reincarnated to.

During the reincarnation, Gumillia imagined Elphegort’s first female prime minister, Gumina Glassred,
appearance. Gumina wasn’t from Elphegort but an aristocrat from Asmodean. But for some reason,
(According to Elluka and from the “Venomania Incident”) she was exiled to Elphegort, since she would
often visit Eldoh-san’s forest (because she is a dedicated Eldoh follower). Gumina, who was
temperament and had a beautiful face, along with those gentle and mysterious eyes, was a woman with
unique atmosphere when she was alive three hundred years ago.

Gumina’s calm expression matches as Gumillia’s external image.

When Elluka saw the body I imagined, she had a confused look on her face.

“You actually chose the appearance of the original sinner…”

The original sinner was the most wicked of wicked people, who created the deadly sin vessels. She had
caused it, and I had witnessed it… it was most certainly a frightening event. Although, when she saw the
resemblance to she who went mad with malice, there was a strong sentiment of fear, as well as the
feeling that she was beautiful.

The court magician Elluka didn’t always stay at the abandoned house. She would occasionally go back to
the palace. Now, the royal palace--- is being governed by an evil princess.

Elluka takes her time teaching us about humans and magic. With that said, I mostly follow her disciple ---
Gumillia to teach me. Because I have to carry out the order to look for the “sin” fragment, I at least
need to practice the necessary magic to do so. That magic would be…

“Michaela, show me what you learned.”

“I understand!”
