“Yes… I know.”

I don’t know why, but my head is aching. That wasn’t a right answer to give.

“Are you okay? Your face looks pale”

“I don’t know why but… my body is feeling hot.”

“Do you have a cold? You have to be more careful. Humans and spirits are not the same; humans feel
hunger and can feel sick if not careful. It may also cause an irreparable loss.”

“When I was a chipmunk, I didn’t feel anything like that.”

“Eldoh-san has the power to turn you into an animal. God’s power and mine cannot be compared.
Morphing is different from reincarnating. In addition, magicians and normal humans are no different.
Don’t forget that.”

Elluka repeatedly warned Gumillia and me. The pain I’m experiencing right now is completely different
from when I was a robin.

“Ahhh…”

“Here, drink this. You have to go to bed earlier for today.”

Elluka got some powder from her luggage. It seems to be herbs.

I ate what is left on my plate.

After drinking the herb Elluka gave me, I went to bed.

“Well, we have to go now”

The next morning, when I opened my eyes, they already had their luggage packed and was about to
leave the abandoned house.

“Although it was a short period of time, thank you very much… Please take care”

“Your body? Are you feeling better?”

“The medicine seems to be effective. I’m feeling more comfortable now”

I felt a gaze on me; Gumillia was looking at me and had a worried look on her face.

“I’m worried about you, Michaela.”

I grabbed Gumillia’s hand and said with a smile:
