If you pass through the Eldoh's Forest, there's a huge lake at the north. The lake seems to be referred
by the humans as the "Lake of Amusement". Every "Millenium Tree" Festival, the elderly people
respectfully invite the youth to come together and tell the legends of the lake. According to the legends,
this lake is used to serve the Earth God, Eldoh's spirits, who come frolicking on a full moon night.

When these spirits frolic, they produce famous gems called "Stones of the Wild Spirits". When you take
home these gems and buried them on the ground, the ground will have a large harvest.

I miss hearing these legends, but unfortunately, the old people are only half-right. A long time ago, we
spirits often came to the lake to play. At that time, there were a lot of people who had special abilities
to see spirits with their naked eye. Because of these people, the legend was believed and there were
intentions of bringing the spirits back to obtain the "Stones of the Wild Spirits".

And that's pretty much of what is true. But to say that spirits can make "Stones of the Wild Spirits" is
nonsense.

Originally, spirits don't eat things of nature, but of course, animal forms are a different matter. Although
spirits don't feel hunger, they have a habit of eating tasty things. Amongst the most popular is the
Trauben Fruit.

Trauben is a bluish purple fruit that grows in the west coast; it seems to be related in some way with
winemaking. When spirits come here to play, there is always ones that are gluttonous that look for
trauben that children left behind and they bring them back to the forest. Probably someone saw this
scene with a moonlit trauben that was mistaken as a gem, which is why we have a legend about the
"Stones of the Wild Spirits".

As the saying goes, to see is to believe; that's why I'm going to that lake and take back those Trauben,
saying that it's not true.

Doing so is a violation of Eldoh-san's regulations, but now is the day to get those fruits back. I'm sure
immediately saying it to them shouldn't be a problem. Moreover, even Eldoh-san says that almost no
human can see a spirit's animal form. The only reason for the prohibition order is Eldoh-san's too much
cautiuousness. Even though the forest is a very good place, for the spirits, living thousands of years in
the same place feels pretty boring.

Looking down from the sky, I could get a clear glance of the growing Trauben. The west bank of the lake
is completely dyed bluish-purple. At the northwest of the lake, there is a small village with a brewery
(that seems to be brewing trauben) inhabited by humans.

Returning to their homeland, I suddenly got that nostalgic feeling. Everything was the same as before;
without any changes.

I landed on a nearby branch of the orchard, in front of the goal of this trip. Seeing the freshly grown
trauben made me involuntarily swallow my saliva. Although I feel a bit uneasy eating the trauben grown
by the humans, a little bit wouldn't hurt, would it? I'm sure the humans wouldn't mind.

First, I tried to the taste the flavor. The mellow sweetness and the slightly sour taste quickly spread in
my mouth. Well, it's really tasty! Did these get tastier than before or is it just because I've never eaten

one for a long time now? Or did the humans' gardening skills improve? What really caused this to
happen, I wonder?
