Clarith, with a gloomy face, placed the large basket on the ground. How do I say this, this kid seems to
be a really cold girl. Suddenly, she grabbed something from inside the basket.

(Eh? Is that… Trauben?)

I was filled with sudden happiness; I could not help but dig in. The old lady saw my expression and could
not help but have a surprised expression.

“Robins generally eat insects or fish… but this would be the first time I meet a robin like this and with
beautiful green feathers. Is it an incarnation of the forest spirits?”

“Talking about spirits is nonsense”

Clarith interruptedly said to her mother.

There’s already a spirit right in front of you eating trauben~

“There is no such thing as spirits”

She said. I suddenly remember of Eldoh-san saying that “the youth today lack belief”. Gods and spirits do
exist.

“There is no such thing as god or spirits… if so, how could my mother end up is such a dilemma…”

“Clarith…”

“The trauben are also… not of good quality; I cannot sell them. I’ve spent so much effort and time…”

Bad quality? This is considered bad quality? Although the shape is kind of mellow but the taste says it
otherwise.

Clarith forced herself not to cry and tried to maintain a calm face. She turned to me and said:

“……Birds are more relaxed than humans”

With that said, she walked towards the door.

“Where are you going Clarith?”

“…… The village is calling me out today”

Clarith just frowned then walked out.

The old lady had a sad look on her face. She then discovered that when I ate a traube, I headed for the
basket to grab some more. She immediately took out some trauben and laid them in front of me.

“I’m sorry birdie. Although she is like that, that child is a very gentle person. She was the one who saved
you when you were injured so please forgive her”
