The old lady smiled at me again.

However that smile was not coming from the heart. Though somehow, I get this feeling…

That cast of shadow over their hearts, what was it again?

After two weeks.

Although I could still feel some pain, my wings have already recovered. Maybe another two or three
days and I should be able to fly through the skies again.

During this time, the old lady’s body doesn’t seem to be doing very good and she was just lying on her
bed. Therefore, Clarith had the responsibility of taking care of her.

“Meal time, Grune”

Clarith initially had a cold expression but then she gave a smile. Grune, Clarith gave this name to me. In
Elphegort language, it appears to be defined as “green”. Because the name is very good, I liked it.

I would always eat the unsold trauben from yesterday.

“Grune, is it delicious?”

Yes! Very delicious!

Although I wanted to answer her, all she would hear was my tweeting cry. Even though there is no way
for us to communicate, I’m very happy.

She would always tell me how her day went; like how something would go wrong and always being
scolded… basically bad experiences. She seems to be a very clumsy girl.

To Clarith, whether cleaning or cooking, she would always work harder than the others. Because she is
always focused on something, she tends to forget about other things. Today, she looked worried. As
always, she has a blank expression on her face.

Clarith personally built a bird cage for me. She was able to collect waste materials smoothly but when
she finished building it, it was very crooked; it was full of holes.

I had to use it because I saw her dedication to it. Also, her hands were full of scars when she finished it.

It was a sunny day so Clarith placed the bird cage beside the window, allowing me to gaze upon the
scenery outside.

One day, I saw Clarith and some people farming at the fields. Clarith didn’t speak with anyone. The
others rested(or too lazy?), chat with each other and continued to work. Even so, Clarith work
progress is still slower than the others. There was nothing wrong about Clarith’s actions but her tool
was the problem. She had a broken tools with her, leading to her inefficiency in work. The others did

not even bother helping Clarith, but instead they would deliberately bump into her and trample on the
ground which she plowed.
