But even in such situations, Clarith’s expression still didn’t change; she still had a blank expression. Only
when she is with her mother or with me she would expose a little smile.

Clarith and the others are significantly different. The others have green hair and only Clarith has white
hair. Though I think her hair is beautiful in the sunlight, I think that would be the reason why she is being
bullied; because she is different.

Clarith would always have lots of wounds. These wounds were probably from her work or when she
would accidentally fall for some reason. Yet sometimes, she would have serious injuries not caused by
her clumsiness but more like of a human. While I care about those injuries of her, but it would be
impossible to help her so Clarith just rans to her bed side.

In those two weeks, I have learned more about this “human” understanding.

The next day,

Clarith went out to work while her mother was resting in her body.

Because the weather was sunny today, the bird cage was placed near the window sill. I couldn’t see
Clarith’s figure outside; her work today must be to go the forest and pick up some fire wood.

---BUMP---

Something hit the window. I initially thought that someone might have got it wrong but then there was
another sound again. Someone was throwing stones at the window. I wondered who it was until a figure
of a chipmunk’s head poked below the window. The chipmunk squeezed itself through the small gap in
the window and went for the cage.

“I finally found you, Michaela”

“……Gumillia!”

The chipmunk’s true identity was the of the forest spirit, Gumillia. It must be because I’ve been away for
a long time to an unknown destination that made her to look for me.

“So you were caught here. Okay, let’s get going”

Gumillia, with her two small hands, opened the caged and urged me to escape quickly.

I didn’t expect that I would go back earlier than expected. I can finally go back to the forest. However, I
was a bit hesitant leaving the bird cage.

“Are you going back?”

Behind our back was, to our surprise, was the old lady.
