“I see that your spirit friend has come to pick you up”

“Huh? Why do you know……?”

I asked in surprise, although she shouldn’t be able to hear me from the other side of the room.

“I already knew from the start”

“No way? You can also hear us talking too?”

“In the past, I worked as a magician, but Clarith didn’t believe in these things so I never mentioned it”

This is so amazing. Besides Elluka Clockworker, I have never met, for a long time, a human than can talk
to us.

“…… Thank you for the hospitality. Thank you very much for taking care of me”

“I also want to thank you. Although it was a very short span of time, Clarith seems to look very happy.”

“…… Well, I’m also very happy”

Although we couldn’t communicate with each other, I felt happy when I became friends with Clarith. If I
could become human, I would go out and play with her and hear out her problems.

“I have not seen the girl smile. Perhaps for Clarith, you are her only friend”

“Clarith has no friends?”

“You’ve seen the scenes outside the window. This should give you an idea about her situation. Clarith is
of the Netsuma tribe which is discriminated by people of Elphegort.

Why is there a person of the white-haired Netsuma tribe in the green-haired Elphegortians? Aren’t you
also of the Netsuma tribe?

“I have white hair because of my age. I’m also not from Elphegort. And because Clarith is my adopted
daughter, she was estranged by others, but even so, they allowed us to continue to live in this village.
We are thankful to God”

This so-called adopted daughter refers to two people who aren’t connected by blood. This two
unrelated people called the other mother and daughter. And merely because of racial differences, they
are mutually exclusive? Humans really are amazing creatures.

“As a human being, bullying others without any reason, is very strange”

“Forest spirits wouldn’t understand. Oh yes! please bring this back with you”

The old lady took a bunch of trauben from the basket gave me some.
