“Thank you. Thank you very much”

I solemnly thank her again then I tried to move my wings. Although there a little bit of pain, returning to
the forest wouldn’t be much of a problem.

“Good bye! I would certainly come back to play”

The bored Gumillia waited for me then we slipped through the window. The old lady stood by the
window, waving and watching as we leave with a smile on her face.

I grabbed the trauben with my claws. As we entered the forest, Gumillia just kept up with my flying
speed. While flying, I looked around for that large black bird whereabouts. Getting attacked again is not
joke.

On my way back, I scanned for Clarith’s figure, but she was nowhere to be found.

I wanted to thank her personally.

✿Michaela ~ Elphegort Country's "Thousand-Year Tree Forest"~

The "Thousand-Year Tree Forest” Eldoh-san is guarding is a quiet place. However, last night was not so
quiet.

“You naughty child～～～～～!”

As I returned to the forest, I was greeted with Eldoh-san’s roar. I originally thought that tears would
welcome me, but I guess it turns out that I was too naive?

This was because of breaking the regulations by secretly leaving the forest and being lost for a long time;
Eldoh-san reprimanded all night.

“Ohhhh... This is going too far... Clearly, you don’t have to reprimand them so harshly～～～”

The next morning, Gumilia came to comfort me as I cried. It was something I wasn’t expecting......

“Michaela isn’t looking good.”

How emphatic.

“But, I couldn’t help it! I never expected to encounter a big black bird’s attacks in that kind of place; I
was unable to move because of my injury!”

“It’s your entire fault for secretly leaving the forest from the very beginning.”

“_whines_......”

From afar, the other spirits could not help but laugh.
