I also heard of the “Netsuma Tribe discrimination” thing but I didn’t know of the cruel treatment to
them. Clarith continued.

“My heart is getting weak; I cannot believe in anyone anymore and I am very, very afraid with talking to
others. My thoughts and the others are very different. That is the reason why I cannot integrate myself
with them. Only talking to myself all day… I have lost interest in life; there is no significance of my
existence.”

I can see her face now. As usual, she had a blank expression or---

“Until one day, at the lake, I picked up an injured Grune – a robin. I took it home to treat its wounds
and take care of it. Because of Grune, I was able to find peace of mind every day. Since Grune and I
were very intimate, I thought that I might be able to communicate with other humans too. I had new
courage in this silent heart of mine. I’ve finally made up my mind and invited the girl next door to
dinner…… the results… I only got verbally abused. Nobody would like to eat with a filthy Netsuma
girl……. Smooth human interaction… is just a product of my own wishful thinking.”

I have not said a single word to Clarith and yet, my existence had such an impact in her life. The result
just hurt her more. I stayed at her home, completely unaware of the sad story she had.

“When I got home yesterday, Grune has already escaped from her cage. It was obvious because Grune
would want to go home for she had her own friends… I have a mother to whom I have no blood
relationship with to keep me company. But mom is very ill and wouldn’t last for long now. When she
passes away… I don’t want to be alone….”

Clarith’s body was slightly trembling. I looked down and tried to look at her face.

“Oh God, I, in fact, don’t believe that you exist. However, if you do exist… if there really is this so-
called god…”

A teardrop hung on her face. The teardrop was crystal clear, very beautiful and also very sad.

“I want a friend. Anyone would do.”

Her prayer was complete. Clarith departed.

I thought of following her, but I didn’t do that. What she really needed is not a robin, but a “human”
friend.

Today, Clarith would go to the fields to work, come home, take care of her mother and then go to
sleep. And that cycle with repeat again and again. Her heart will always be in endless solitude.

Unfortunately, Clarith’s prayer did not reach Eldoh-san’s ears for he was happily snoring. I was the only
one who heard Clarith’s heart cry out. But for me… neither God nor I, will be able to grant her wish.

For this matter, I was very upset.
