“Yes, you have to think about images of people from Elphegort, preferably beautiful women”

“A human that we have seen?”

“Well, you will become the human you imagined. In particular, because you have to live in Elphegort, the
Elphegort look would more suitable. But it has to be someone who is not alive anymore. It should at
least someone from fifty years ago. Since there are two of you, we will only do it once. We don’t want
the two of you to have the same appearance.”

After doing the necessary precautions, Elluka gave a long sigh. She seems to have remembered
something.

I had a mutual agreement with Gumillia and said the names of the person, to avoid duplication.

“……However, why beautiful women? We are genderless. Being men can also be good……”

I am somewhat surprised as I asked Elluka with no hesitation.

“Because I want to”

As Elluka said that, the magic circle on the ground was finished. Probably because of the pattern on the
ground, it looked crooked.

“It doesn’t look like the draft. Is that okay?”

“This is just for formality. C’mon. Let us start”

Frankly, I’m very upset. Is this really okay?

“Are you ready? You must come up with a good looking, inflexible beauty! I shall now begin---“

At the moment Elluka said that, my consciousness began to fly away.

Floating constantly while I was still being aware of it.

Through the forest, through the clouds, and even went through the sky.

Until we reached a space of nothingness.

Subsequently, we fell.

Straight done, we fell.

It was even higher than when I was attacked by that black bird. I dropped at a fast pace.

Down. Down. I dropped at my destination. “She” was waiting for me.

Crying, her arms where clutching as she was carrying a pair of twins.
