I faced the sky and opened my mouth to inhale. Accompanied by a soothing rhythm, a melody blurted
out.

“Lu Li La, Lu Li La --♪”

My voice can be heard throughout the forest, across the sky, across the region. The sound wouldn’t
disturb anything as it was gentle enough for plants, animals and humans. I was singing to my heart’s
content.

As I finished singing, I closed my eyes and listened carefully.

“… How is it Michaela? Can you hear anything?”

“Yes…”

A distant voice returned to me… the only one that echoed… that is mixed with slight dissonance.

“Do you know where the sound is coming from?”

“From here to the north… after Eldoh-san’s forest, move forward… but to be more specific…”

“I see… the border”

Elluka patted her hands. Today’s practice is over.

“So far, the basic things I taught you are OK in general. You will just have to practice repeatedly and find
any errors. When you have mastered it, you should be able to find the exact location.”

This magic song is used to find things… under the guidance of Elluka, after a series of attempts, would
be most suitable for my practice. For this month, I only have to learn this magic song because the
knowledge I need is to understand about the world.

According to Elluka, Gumillia seems to have more potential to learn magic. She was able to accurately
predict today’s weather and also allowed withered flowers to bloom again. As things are now, she may
be admitted as the palace’s official court magician disciple and be allowed to practice magic.

The three of us living together is coming to an end. Starting tomorrow, I’ll be going to Elphegort to
search for the “sin vessel”.

“It would be better to go to the capital, Aceid, where lots of people gather. It would be easier to gather
intelligence there.”

During our last supper together, Elluka told me this.

“Aceid…”

“According to the present situation, the ‘sin’ is most likely to be possessed by someone unique and
powerful such as King Sohni Elphen, Duke Parukeiji Merudo and the aristocrat, Keel Freesis… they all
live in Aceid”
