Fifth, Pierrot, pages 257-260

The twins who had fallen from Heaven wished to destroy the world.

Everything began from that.

.

The older sister’s name was “Levia”.

The younger brother’s name was “Behemo”.

Having been sealed in the white ark “Sin”, the twins had started to grow frustrated as “Project Ma” failed to move forward.

Unable to wait any longer for the vessels they would reincarnate into to be raised, they had enticed a lone man to the ark.

The man’s name was “Kiril Clockworker”. He had lost his girlfriend Elluka Chirclatia, and had sunken into grief.

Levia tried to use him to release the seal on the ark.
If the broken ark was restored, then the twins would probably be able to leave it too. She knew that this could be achieved with the secret art that Kiril had.

Seduced by Elluka’s “voice”, Kiril arrived at the ark inside the temple.

To revive his love.

Without realizing that the true identity of this “voice” was Levia masquerading as her.

He unleashed the “Clockwork Secret Art” on Elluka’s corpse and the ark. Elluka’s body began to regenerate, and the ark’s time was wound backwards—

It had seemed as though all was going according to Levia’s plan.

But…the enormous amount of energy contained within the ark as it began to repair itself started to go haywire.

That energy triggered a massive explosion, and also caused an unforeseen situation to occur.

.

The destroyed “Sin”—left inside its remains was the dying Kiril, a twin-headed dragon, and the revived Elluka.

Elluka was unconscious, but she was most certainly breathing.

However, there was no chance of Elluka being restored to life. A human’s soul could not be reborn. That was only possible for gods and those beings close to them.

Yes…the one who had been revived as “Elluka”, and the spirits that dwelled in her body, were gods—In other words, the spirits of Levia and Behemo. The gods were reincarnated into the world by being reborn as Elluka.

The dragon itself was Levia and Behemo’s physical body.

But it was little more than a beast, without a soul or ego.

Perhaps thinking he was food, the dragon scooped up Kiril in its mouth, and then flew up through a hole in the ceiling that had been caused by the explosion.

After that the dragon ran wild—and brought the Magic Kingdom to ruin.

Be that as it may, a soulless creature couldn’t hope to live for long.

The dragon disintegrated, and then eventually vanished.

.

What “Elluka” saw when she awoke was the Magic Kingdom, reduced to a ruin.

.

There is a rule, in this world.

“-The souls of those who are reincarnated shall have their prior memories sealed-“

Even gods could not escape from this rule. Levia’s memories were reformatted, and, furthermore, due to the influence of Elluka’s “temporary memory” that was etched into the body itself, she became convinced that she was Elluka. And the spirit of her brother, Behemo, was made to sleep deep in Levia’s mind, unable to even actualize itself. For only one mind could manifest per body.

.

In this way, the “Eternal Sorceress” Elluka Clockworker was born.
–That happened over six hundred years ago.
