Levia pulled away from Gumillia, and approached the enormous fountain pen in the center of the square.

“How nostalgic—the ark, ‘Sin’. …But this isn’t the real thing, is it?”

Irina answered that question.

“You’re correct. This place is your mental world. This is a place made real by the memories and feelings that have slept deep within your mind. It is for that reason that everyone here can be as their real self.”

Gumillia walked up to the ark as well. Its surface was as glassy as a mirror, and her face was faintly reflected back to her.

–Standing there was a woman she didn’t recognize.

Did that mean that this was Gumillia’s true face? As a spirit…or rather, from before that.

Levia rapped on the surface of the ark several times with her fist.

“A mental world with actual substance–Seth’s quite ingenious, to be able to create such a structure inside of a person. If he hadn’t been an ‘HER’ it wouldn’t have been out of line for him to become a fifth god.” She then turned to Irina. “Irina…You figured it out. That I wasn’t ‘Elluka’.”

“…I obtained proof only recently. Thinking on it now there were a lot of things that didn’t add up. After the ‘Leviantan Catastrophe’, you went to your friend, the ‘Great Land God Held’, and received from him a request to gather the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’—isn’t that right?”

“Yeah.”

“But I never heard anything about that from Elluka when she was alive. There were rumors that Elluka was in league with Held, but I knew that they weren’t true. …She had never once left the Magic Kingdom since birth.”

“A Lighwatch priestess must spend her whole life in the Magic Kingdom—So there’s no way she could have met Held in Elphegort.”

“Even supposing they had met, it was hard to imagine that Held would warm to friendship with a human. They wouldn’t even be able to talk. A friend of a god—that would have had to be either another god himself, or one of his kin.”

Gumillia and the other two people present simply listened to Levia and Irina’s conversation in silence.

Levia continued on, pulling away from the ark a little. “I had some faint scraps of memory left from Levia. That is what told me I was friends with Held. –That in itself was the truth. And so Held evidently decided to play along with this peculiar sorceress who insisted that she was his friend.”

“He realized it right away, that it was you inside Elluka’s body. …If I were Held, I would have misgivings about you regaining your memories. He saw you as a hostile figure, so much so that he’d conspired with the sun god to change you and your brother into a dragon, and sealed you inside the ‘Sin’.”

“Yes. That’s why he put me under his observation, under the pretext of this ‘search for the deadly sins’. And for a time that worked. But five hundred years later his life in this world began to run out…And there he assigned a new watchdog to me.” Levia once more approached Gumillia, and put a hand on her shoulder. “That was—you, Gumillia.”

“…Yeah, it was.” Gumillia nodded. “Lord Held decided to use, the fact that the ‘Eternal Sorceress’ wanted an apprentice. He ordered me to keep an eye on Levia, under the guise of an apprentice. To make sure that she never, suspected anything. And…if Levia ever seemed like she would get her memories, back—”

“—With Michaela’s help, you were to seal me once more?”

“Yes…But…But, I–!” Gumillia cried out, her eyes welling with tears.

Seeing that, Levia kindly patted her head.

“I know…I know, Gumillia. You—were such a superb apprentice.”

“…Sob”

Gumillia couldn’t stop the tears flowing down her face.
Still, she tightly threw her arms around Levia.

–I am not Levia’s watchdog.

–I am Elluka Clockworker’s apprentice, Gumillia.

“—Gumillia. There’s one thing that I don’t get. People who have been ‘reincarnated’ lose their memories. Just like me, and you when you were reincarnated into a chipmunk. But when I had you and Michaela reincarnate from being animals, you still had your old memories. …Why was that?”

“…We had lost our memories. But, Lord Held had a copy of our old memories, made in advance. He overwrote us with them right after, we were reborn. So that you wouldn’t find out.”

“That’s quite a lot of work there. Who’d have thought…that old goat was such a hypocrite.”

“There were side effects. Shortly after Michaela reincarnated, she told me she collapsed from fever. That was probably, a side effect. I was fine, though.”

Levia gradually released Gumillia, and then moved back towards Irina.

“Was that the only reason you started having doubts about me, Irina?”

“Let me pose a question to you. Prim Marlon was one of your friends during your time as one of the Three Heroes in Lucifenia. –Did you never realize that she was an ‘HER’?”

“…No.”

“That would be impossible, if you were a Lighwatch priestess. Elluka Chirclatia was able to cure ‘HER’. –If you had used that power, you might have been able to avert the kingdom of Lucifenia’s destruction. Elluka Clockworker had lost the ability to use a technique that she should have been able to, and had conversely also become able to use one that she couldn’t have.”

“…The Swap Technique.”

“It was simple enough to think that it was just the influence of having been revived through the ark. But a much simpler explanation would be that there was someone else entirely inside of Elluka Clockworker—”

“—Your powers of deduction are a bit too strong, Irina. Long-lived though you may be, I doubt that you could have arrived at such an answer that easily.”

Irina’s face twisted slightly, and then shifted to a light smile.

“…It was Seth. Surprisingly enough he had become the ‘Demon of Wrath’. He must have skillfully slipped in with the others when the Twins of God created the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’, after he had died as a human—Or maybe the other demons were made at his suggestion… After I got my hands on the golden key and met with him again, I pressed him with my many years of suspicions. Seth readily told me everything. About gods, and the existence of their kin…that the true nature of the ‘Demons of Sin’ was that they were mere shadows of those kin… I came to know the workings of the world. And it was because of that that I was able to arrive at your true nature—And so here we are.”

Irina, and Levia. The two of them had arrived at various truths.

Gumillia wiped her tears, and gazed at the two of them as they faced each other.

The Elluka that had been the target of Irina’s hatred wasn’t the real one. What sort of feelings did she have towards her now?

–She didn’t need to think about it. Irina had sent them a duel invitation.

Despite knowing the truth.

Irina, who had been standing before the ark this whole time, began to walk.

She was headed for the “Sleep Princess”, Eve.

Irina circled behind Eve, and gripped her shoulders with both hands.

“The ‘Clockworker’s Doll’. She and I have a long partnership. I tried to grant her a certain power as an experiment. The end of the world will come someday—and when that comes, it must become a utopia for me. Hers is a power I need for that purpose. And through my experimentation I finally succeeded, fifty years ago. …Though I hadn’t thought that I would end up using it here.”

Eve hadn’t said a word since arriving at the square. Even as everyone else had talked, she had just stood there in place, expressionless.

Just like a doll.

And Irina whispered into Eve’s ear:

.

“Awaken—Master of the Court.”

.

In that moment, the scenery around them completely changed.

The temple that Gumillia and the others were standing in crumbled away, except for the base. The pillars, the sculptures, everything fell down into eternity. What was left then was a pitch-black space. There were white gridlines running over it.
There were platforms floating in the dark space. The temple vanished, save only for the circular platform that the five of them stood on, and the ark in the center.

“Welcome to the ‘Court’, everyone,” Irina boldly sneered. “The Master of the Court is impartial. All shall be reset equally, and then judged. Levia, your regaining your memories was because you took her into yourself. In this world that Eve has created…this world where all are equal—death can befall even a god.”

So saying, Irina spread her arms wide.

Blue flame appeared in her hands. She had regained the magical power that she should have expended already.

“Come, let’s renew the duel! Levia, and—” Irina looked…not at Gumillia, but at the woman in the maid uniform. “—I’ll destroy you as well, Behemo!”

Upon hearing those words, Gumillia was taken by some shock.

“That’s Behemo? But I thought, Behemo was a man—”

Levia replied with an uncomfortable expression, scratching her head, “There’s no mistake, that’s my younger twin brother. We’re fraternal twins. …He’s a real pervert, Behemo.”

“’Pervert’ is so harsh, sister. What’s so bad about a man dressing up like a woman?”
Gumillia didn’t have time to waste. Irina was trying to kill her teacher and the pervert. She needed to ask her why.

“Irina, why are you after Levia? It’s true she killed you, and ruined your country. But that was, long ago now. Nothing will come back, by exacting revenge on her.”

“…You don’t understand, Gumillia. These two—and you too, I suppose. The world that the gods once lived in was destroyed by the existence of ‘HER’. They abandoned the world polluted by HER and built this world anew. …But they made a grave mistake. They failed to account for Seth—that ‘HER’ had slipped in with their comrades.”

Irina seemed to be amassing magical power. The flames in her hands increased in energy, and began to change to large pillar of fire.

“’HER’ is a pathogen. And that pathogen is ‘programmed’ to destroy everything related to the gods. They themselves, and—the world that they made. …Though it seems Seth has forgotten that, now that he’s a demon. But I haven’t. I must pass down ‘punishment’. For that…is the mission given to an HER.”

“That’s nonsense. Programming, missions…Do you have your own will in there?”

“Shut up! Once I’ve destroyed Levia and Behemo, next will be your turn. Then the remaining spirits living carefree in the forest, and the ‘Demons of Deadly Sin’—I’ll destroy them all!” Irina cried.

As she did, she lifted her arms higher.

The flames were coming—
.

“—What an interesting thing you’re doing, ‘Red Cat Mage’.”

.

Gumillia couldn’t immediately discern whose voice that was.

It wasn’t Irina, Levia, Behemo, or Eve. Naturally it wasn’t Gumillia herself.

The sixth entity descended from above them.

The woman looked like Julia—like Germaine.

Irina cried up at her, “It’s you!—‘Demon of Gluttony’! What are you doing here…What in the world did you come here for!?”

“I want to destroy the gods too. That’s why I planned to watch this most entertaining scene. But if you’ve gone and taken possession of the ‘Master of the Court’…that’s a different story. There’s a chance you’ll become a threat to me. So—I’m going to play you all against each other. Right here, alongside the gods and their kin…I will erase you too, Irina Clockworker!”

The demon lifted her right hand.

With that as the cue, something appeared from further up.

A skeleton monster much, much larger than the floating platforms was heading toward them, enormous mouth open.

“My ultimate dead soldier, the ‘Worldeater’–Come, eat them all up!”

Irina harshly clicked her tongue as she watched.
“Don’t get in my way!”

The blue flames shot towards the “Worldeater”.

Not just them. The flames were joined by a bolt of lightning. Levia had fired it.

“I’m not going to just stand by and let you kill me,” Levia muttered, holding out her right hand.

.

A sorceress, a god, and a demon.

The powerful energies being fired off from each of them all collided in one place.

And then—

In the court, destruction and fusion both occurred in succession.
