A lot of time has passed since I left the country I was born and raised in.

For me , this life in a new land hasn’t been all that hard.

For this forest is linked to the one I know well.

And my husband who spent so long living in the city, seems to have finally gotten used to being a woodcutter.

.

We built a small home.

Complete with a set of furniture and utensils.

We had the things we brought with us from our old home, and things we built or bought new.

A red glass, and a blue spoon.

A sword for self-defense was in our storeroom.
It was much more modest, compared to when we were living in the city.

But I am not unhappy.

For it’s just a return to gathering the forest’s bounty and selling it.

The way of living I’d led since I was very young.

.

There are a lot of spirits in this forest, and a large tree god.

And there are villages of forest people, a little ways off from our house.

There’s one to the east, and one to the west.

My husband will bring fruits and timber to the village in a wagon, and trade them for things like meat, leather, bread, and candles.

That is how we make our living each day.

.

This southern forest has a more bountiful harvest than the one in the north where I was born.

I’m sure that must be because it’s a place close to a god.

So whenever I gather something in this forest, I offer up a prayer to the god Held.

.

–Today I picked up two large fruits in a corner of the forest.

Red, RED, bright red fruits.

I know my husband will be delighted with them.
All around me is growing quite dark, and overhead I can see the pretty moon come out.

Its pale glint only seems to make the darkness of the forest stand out all the more.

I think I ought to hurry home.

.

For you see, on a dark night such as this—

A very scary bear will come out.
