My bad feeling was exactly on the mark.

An enormous bear that appeared out of nowhere had started chasing after me, making a frightening sight.

I didn’t know if the bear’s aim was me, or the two fruits I held in my arms…

Maybe it was both.

I felt like I had seen that bear’s face somewhere before.

I had been attacked by a bear once when I was a child, so perhaps it was the same bear as back then.

Regardless, it was clear that the bear was coming towards me with malicious intent.

I desperately ran.
.

Please, forgive me.

Please overlook me—

.

While reciting that to myself in my mind…

I ran through a forest path where flowers bloom, towards the direction of my house.

.

When I looked behind me…

I saw a black shadow illuminated by the moon encroaching upon me, much closer than before.

.

I couldn’t see my home anywhere.

I realized I was running along a path I didn’t recognize.

As I got lost—I continued to run even so, crying.

.

Dark sky, CRY, cry—

Was I the one who was weeping?

No, that was–

Weeping I could hear from the fruits that I was holding.
I could hear sobbing coming from behind me as well.

The bear was crying too as it chased me.

And I was still crying, myself.

Everyone, everyone was shedding tears as they chased, as they were being chased—

Like some ridiculous comedy.

.

I continued to run, lost, wandering—

Finally I could see my beloved home at the other end of my sight.

Just a bit further, only a little bit farther—

But I could sense the bear coming upon me.

.

The bear’s hand gripped the coat that I was wearing.

I was done for—

Right when I thought that—

A MIRACLE occurred.

.

Lightning struck the bear from above.

.
The charred-black bear collapsed to the ground.

.

Just narrowly escaping, I raced inside my house.

My husband inside greeted me, and kindly smiled.

But right after that…

He saw the two fruits that I held, and made a sad face.

.

–I knew.

The truth is, these fruits…

Were that bear’s treasures.
