When he awoke, Gallerian looked around from where he was lying in bed with clear confusion.

“What…is this place? Where in the world am I?”

It was understandable that he would be confused.

At the end of his vision was a single plane of night sky, filled with stars.

A large full moon sat majestically in the very center, as though it was lord of the stars around it.

“Am I…outside? No—that’s not it.”

Gallerian turned on his side, and saw the ground that the bed was set upon.

There he noticed the abnormality with this space.

The starry sky was spread out on the ground as well, a place on which it had no business being.

An entire 360 degrees. Front and back, left and right, ceiling and ground—all of it was covered in stars.

Only the bed that he lay on inside it existed in contrast to the rest.

“I see. This may be the ‘afterlife’—I must have died…”

It seemed that was the answer that he was led to.

Of course, he was mistaken.

If that were the case then it would mean that I, the “bat” currently with him, would be dead as well.
I am not dead yet!

…Probably.

.

After a short time, a change occurred in this space that was only a starry night.

In a place that was only air—on the left from where Gallerian lay—a rectangular white hole opened up.

And from there a single figure appeared.

“Ah…You’re awake…”

It was that white haired girl whom they had called “Shiro”. Upon seeing Gallerian awake she displayed a smile that was both a little joyful, and also slightly hesitant.

“–Who are…you?” Gallerian asked, starting to sit up.

When he did, Shiro began to fidget awkwardly, casting her eyes down. “Um…uh…sorry.”

“That white hair–Are you a Netsuma? What is this peculiar space? We appear to be outside but I’m not the least bit cold.”

“Um…uh…sorry.”

“And my body—it’s wrapped up in bandages. Did you—tend to my wound?”

“Um…uh…sorry.”

“…Is ‘um…uh…sorry’ the only thing you can say?”
“Um…uh…sorry.”

“–Wait, it’s not. Objection! I clearly remember you saying ‘Ah…you’re awake…’ at the very start.”

"Um…uh…sorry.”

“…”

Realizing that he wouldn’t be able to get any straightforward communication this way, Gallerian gave up and lay back down.

When he did, the same space as before immediately opened up, and a new woman appeared.

–Or to speak more accurately, not just one person. A person and an animal.

Walking beside her was a large, golden-haired cat…or rather, a tiger.

“Sorry about her. She gets extremely timid when she doesn’t have a gun in her hand.”

It was an intelligent-looking woman in a suit. When she saw her, Shiro’s expression brightened.

“Miss Hel! You’re here.”

“Bruno contacted me. …Good grief, it was such a hassle coming here in this blizzard.”

Hearing that, Gallerian once more sat up. “Hold on a second. You said ‘Bruno’ just now. That butler—Actually, before that…What the heck is a tiger doing here!? Isn’t that dangerous?”

“You seem a little riled up, Gallerian Marlon. You might not be in much pain thanks to the auto-doc’s anesthetic, but that doesn’t mean your injury has completely healed. Keep ahold of yourself a little longer.”

“Auto…doc…? I don’t know what that word you just said means.”
“I should think so. Even I don’t completely understand it…To put it more simply, it’s ‘something left behind by the old Magic Kingdom’.”

“…Can you explain all this to me step by step? I frankly have no idea what’s going on right now.”

“Yeah, of course—At least, the extent that I can tell you.” Hel walked up to Gallerian and pressed one of the stars. When she did, a metal chair suddenly appeared next to her, and she sat down in it. “First…You collapsed in a snow field after being hounded by Loki Freezis—You remember that much, don’t you?”

“Yeah… I’d…believed in Loki…Yet he betrayed me…No, I guess it was more that…us being friends had been a lie from the very beginning.”

“Seems you weren’t able to see through to his true nature. I can sympathize with how you’re feeling.”

“I was shot…But I’ve got one question on that. The bullet—It felt like it was coming from the opposite direction from where Loki was chasing me.”

“Ah, that. She shot you,” Hel said, pointing at Shiro.

“Wha!?”

“Um…uh…sorry.”

“You’re saying I was saved by the person who tried to kill me?”

“Um…uh…sorry.”
Hel explained in Shiro’s place, as she continued to stammer apologies. “You’ve got it backwards. Shiro saved you by shooting you. She—is a sniper prodigy. To the point where she can hit a spot on the body that would put someone in a state of apparent death, just barely clinging to life…Get it? If she hadn’t done that, Loki would have shot you to death.”

“B-but…The fact still remains that she shot me…That you would have that person in the same room as me—”

As he grew more agitated, Gallerian almost rolled off the bed. Hel calmly put him back.

Watching all this from a distance, the tiger said in disapproval, “Come, come…You’re too old to be losing your presence of mind like this, boy. I’m not seeing that vast greatness you’re rumored to have, Gallerian Marlon.”

“But, still—H-hang on a second! The t-t-t-tiger talked just now!”

Gallerian threw himself back, and this time he fell off the other side of the bed.

“How rude. I’m not a tiger. I might look like this, but it is undisputable fact that I am a human being, like you.”

“I doubt that! From here you look completely like a tiger!”

“Bizarre events enfold this world—You must know of them too. One of them is the abnormality that there are babies born of a completely different race from their parents.”

“Yeah, I have heard of that. Like a dark-skinned Maistian being born to an Elphe and Marlon couple—”

“Then in that case, there shouldn’t be anything strange about a tiger being born to human parents. It means that I’m one of the victims of these bizarre events.”
“Uh—uh huh…”

Gallerian still evidently didn’t get it.

“I’ve got no intention of arguing over my origins right now. –Hel, continue with your explanation.”

“Roger. –Anyway, you were saved by Shiro and brought here to ‘Lunaca Labora’ under the snow field.”

“’Lunaca Labora’?”

“It means ‘Full Moon Laboratory’ in Ancient Leviantan. –This is one of the places that my father Heaven Jaakko spent his entire life searching for.”

“Heaven Jaakko…I’ve heard that name before.” Gallerian thought for a moment. “—I remember. That’s a well-known historian. He published a thesis that led the government to delineate the existence of ‘witches’—”

“Yes. Though he died three years back. It is thanks to my father that these ridiculous ‘witch hunts’ began—Ah, let me say up front that I don’t intend to debate or apologize on the matter with you. What my father did has nothing to do with me. I’m not even a historian myself.”

“So you know about my lineage too, huh…Then is Heaven Jaakko the one who found this facility?”

“No. Someone else told me about this place.”

“And who—”

Before Gallerian could ask his question, someone else entered from the opened space.

It was a dark-skinned man.

“Bruno…Are you the head of this facility?”

But Bruno shook his head.

“No. Actually, this is the first time I myself have come here.”

“Then who—”

“They should be arriving shortly. If you have questions about this place then you should ask them. …That’s not what you want to ask me, is it Gallerian Marlon?”

“Yeah…I have a few questions…You’re Loki’s personal butler. So then, why did you plot to save me?”

Bruno did not answer right away, glancing up at the stars on the ceiling as he slowly walked around the space.

But eventually he replied quietly, “Gallerian, you—wish to have revenge on Loki Freezis, don’t you? Revenge on the man who deceived and tried to kill you.”

“Revenge…I guess…” Gallerian thought for a moment, there on the bed. “It’s true…Right now I can’t help but loathe him. –All the more because I had always thought that we were friends.”

“…If you wish to kill him…then we can help you.”

Bruno’s words were spoken with no inflection, but with clear intent of determination.

But after thinking again, Gallerian shook his head.

“We need to make Loki face consequences. But…not by killing him. If we do then it’ll be no better than what he tried to do. He needs to face judgment publicly, and atone for his crime. –I will make him. That is my duty as a judge.”

Upon hearing Gallerian’s words, the tiger raised his voice in admiration. “Not taken over by your hatred, huh? To have such morals so young—I take back what I said before. You’re not a small person, at the very least.”

“Ah…Thanks,” Gallerian replied to the tiger, still appearing a little afraid.

“Bruno. What do you think of what he just said now?” the tiger asked, turning to Bruno.

“…It’s not bad. I think it’s the kind of thinking of a ‘front man’. –Rather, if he wasn’t like that there wouldn’t be any point to inviting him in.”

“Inviting? Do you plan to take me in as one of you? I’m sorry, but I have no intention of just recklessly joining on with people whose nature I don’t even—”

Gallerian had started to retort, but then appeared to immediately realize how ill-thought-out his declaration was, his eyes darting about slightly.

…This place was the stronghold of these “people whose nature he didn’t know”. And Gallerian was right in the center of it, wounded and disabled.

“—Ah, please don’t misunderstand. It’s not that I have an issue with you guys. It is true after all that you saved my life,” he continued on a little defensively, quickly growing meek.

Bruno replied to this with a calm tone, showing neither laughter nor anger, “Before we get to who we are, I think first you ought to grasp your current situation, Gallerian.”

“…? What do you mean?”

“…To the outside world, you were killed in an accident. Loki has announced that you were ‘attacked by a ferocious animal’.”

“That doesn’t sound like too big a problem. All I have to do is head out once my wound has healed up and show everyone firsthand that I’m still very much alive. –And then go straight to charging Loki for his crimes.”

“Yes, I would hope that goes well for you. Loki has the Freezis Conglomerate on his side. Naturally it wouldn’t be good for them to have a relative of theirs charged with a crime. They will use everything in their power to protect Loki.”

“…”

“They aren’t likely to let slide a living witness like you who knows of Loki’s sins. If you brazenly show your face publicly, this time there really will be no safeguarding your life.”
“Are you threatening me?”

“I’m warning you. We have no wish to let you die so cheaply after we went to great pains saving you. …That is the truth.”

“…Then what are you saying I should do!? Live out the rest of my life inside this bizarre space?”

“If that is what you wish, you can do that. But…there is another path. That is—”

“…Alright, enough. I can grasp the gist of what you were trying to say earlier.” Gallerian covered his face with his hand, as though fed up. “Becoming one of your allies—that’s what you mean, right?”

“I don’t really mind if you have no faith in us right now. But…we need a collaborator. Someone who isn’t behind the scenes like we are—A collaborator with the power to let their voice be known and reach out to society at large.”

“But…why me? If that’s your goal, surely there’s someone else more qualified.”

After a short pause Bruno replied to the question, “—We have someone who recommended you. As someone ‘overflowing with a sense of justice, with good breeding and social standing besides’.”

“Who is it? This person who recommended me to you.”

“They are the owner of this place that we spoke of before.”

There Hel, who had been quietly listening up to this point, suddenly butted in, “And as for that ‘owner’—apparently they’ve just now arrived.”
Right as she said those words, the space once more opened up. And as had become common, a new person walked in.

–It was hard to tell their face, covered by a large hat, but compared to everyone else there they were the shortest by a wide margin.

And they were wearing a deep red uniform of some kind.

“That uniform…Are you some sort of mail carrier?” Gallerian asked, appearing somewhat vexed in reaction. “A child runs this facility?”

But Hel replied in the negative. “This child—‘Postman’—is a courier. They’ll convey things, people—anything you want. I suppose today they’re bringing ‘her’ along.”

Postman nodded at Hel’s words.

“They don’t say much.”

“They can’t talk. Though I don’t know why.”

The hole in the space remained open. Standing before it, Postman abruptly moved to the side.

“Sorry for the wait. This is the owner of ‘Lunaca Labora’ that you’ve been asking about.”

Just as Hel said, a silhouette became visible approaching from the other side of the hole.

“That’s–!?”
Various people have appeared from this opening today.

But for Gallerian, the last one who debuted there was the most surprising of all.

“Mother…No, you’re—”

“Good to see you. Mister judge.”

“Kayo—Sudou!”

It was the person Gallerian had been heading out to meet.

She had come to see him instead.
