Kayo living in Pixie had been a complete lie.

“I’m not so foolishly honest as to write down where I live in documents like that.”

Gallerian had protested that this was an illegal act, but Kayo didn’t pay any mind to that at all.

“If you’re going to prosecute me for it, do as you like.”

It was a provocation done with the knowledge that Gallerian was in no position to do that right now.

Naturally, even if he wasn’t in this situation, Gallerian would never have taken legal action against her. It was for the purpose of making her his collaborator that he had declared her innocent, after all.

–To give the main points of the explanation Kayo gave after that, this was the gist of it:
This facility, “Lunaca Labora”, was one of the places where she could rest. Only one of them—Kayo’s place of residence was not set in stone. Given her position, she apparently had several hiding places prepared in every region.

Just as Hel said, Lunaca Labora was an artifact of the old era. Kayo didn’t say how it was that she found this place, but she did explain in brief regarding its origins.

In the old era there had been the Magic Kingdom. In it was a researcher by the name of Seth Twiright, and supposedly “Lunaca Labora” was a research facility that he had created, established secretly under the barren snow field. As it was belowground it sustained very little damage from the “Great Catastrophe” that destroyed the Magic Kingdom, and remained on until the present day in its current state.

She said that here they were able to conduct medical procedures that surpassed modern science. It was proof that the Magic Kingdom had possessed incredibly advanced technology that defied what was normally possible, and it made sense that Hel’s father Heaven Jaakko had been searching for it so desperately.

After the “Great Catastrophe”, Seth had created a sorceress here.

“’The Red Cat Sorceress’—Are you familiar with that name?” Kayo asked Gallerian.

“…That figure has popped up several times, historically. There’s ‘IR’, who was said to be involved with the Venomania Event, ‘AB-CIR’ who was the owner of the Heartbeat Clocktower, and ‘Abyss IR’ who worked behind the scenes before and after the Lucifenian Revolution—"

“I’m impressed. That’s quite extensive knowledge you have.”

“I learned that during my course on violations of the special laws on magic. Any student of Levin University’s law school would know it.”
“This place was where that ‘Red Cat Sorceress’ was born. Seth put the soul of a girl on the verge of death inside a red cat plushy. The red cat became immortal with magical powers, and had the power to bend people to her will—”

“Where did you get this information? That wasn’t written anywhere in my textbook, at the very least.”

Kayo only gave a thin smile, not answering the question.

“…Well, whatever. If nothing else, it’s clear that you have a very detailed knowledge of magic. That is what I was seeking.”

Gallerian told her of his idea that he needed someone with knowledge on “witches” to reform the witch trials.

“—I see. So that’s why you declared me innocent.”

“Please work with me. You must know yourself, don’t you? Who I am the son of.”

“…Yes. Of course.”

“If you revere Elluka, then—”

“Wait a moment. We have something that takes priority over that right now, don’t you think? …I will give the matter some thought. However—first we must take care of Loki.”

“I have one more question on that. You—all of you, seem to have some grudge against Loki, but why is that? He himself is little more than a mere judge, like me.”

“Rather than Loki—it’s more his family…Really, it’s the Freezis Conglomerate we want to do something about. Though, well, all of our views on that do differ slightly.”

And then Kayo began to talk about her own motives.

“Elluka Ma Clockworker had received the patronage of the Freezis Conglomerate. The people who led it were trying to use the considerable magical power that she possessed to grant their fondest wish.”

“Their ‘fondest wish’?”

“Immortality… This, at least, is not something that one can gain so easily no matter how much money you have. This is something that started in the era of Shaw Freezis, the founder of the conglomerate’s previous incarnation, the Freezis Foundation. In actuality, Shaw had been able to secure an extremely long lifespan through the use of magical power. …Think this absurd, do you?”

“…I’ll hold back on voicing my opinion for now. Please continue.”

“That is why by all rights Elluka should never have been captured by the World Police, and even if she had she should have been judged innocent at the trial. It was known at the time that Hanma, the Dark Star Courthouse director, would change the verdict. But things didn’t play out that way. –She was betrayed. By the conglomerate,” Kayo said, her expression twisting.

“Are you sure of that? Or is it just your theory?”

“It’s fact. I heard all this from internal members of the Freezis Conglomerate.”

Kayo looked around at all the people around them.

“Beginning with Bruno, and excluding you and I, everyone here works for them—publicly, at least.”

“Everyone–Even…even that tiger-looking person there?”

“You mean Feng? I hear he’s kept on as a pet.”
The tiger—Feng–made a small groan. “…Though extremely reluctantly. It’s the only way I can afford my food.”

Gallerian closed his eyes. He appeared to be sorting through Kayo’s story just then in his head.

“—If what you say is true…Then the mastermind responsible for killing my mother—”

“Is the Freezis Conglomerate. They realized that they could not attain immortality even through Elluka’s magic. And so, to exterminate Elluka and her allies who stood as obstacles for them, they started a certain ‘hoax’. They took the bizarre events that were beginning to happen all over the world, and created the public idea that it was the work of ‘sorceresses’—or rather, ‘witches’.”

“I feel like you’ve gotten a little ahead of yourself there. You haven’t explained why the ‘witch hunts’ are still going on now that my mother is gone.”

“The conglomerate wishes to destroy all the sorcerers and sorceresses in this world. If they cannot be useful to them, then those who can use ‘magic’ that exceeds the scope of human knowledge are nothing more than a threat. Think this sounds crazy? It is crazy. The Freezis family has become a band of madmen who have forgotten the noble spirit that their ancestor once held.”

“…And Loki? Does he know all of this?”

“Who knows? But I’d wager he doesn’t. He was a child barely come into his own awareness when Elluka was executed. It is certain however that he is a member of the crazed Freezis Family. …You’ve had experience with that yourself, yes?”

“…I had always thought that Loki was a purely good person.”
“Perhaps he is that. But purity isn’t necessarily the right thing. There is ‘pure evil’ too—those who are called ‘HER’, in the old language. That is the true nature of the Freezis family as they are now.”

“…”

Gallerian appeared to be struggling to decide on what he should say.

Understandable. Kayo’s story had been a long procession of statements that were hard to grasp for the average person. Ordinarily it wouldn’t be out of turn for him to laugh it off as some ridiculous fantasy.

–Appearing to steady his nerve, Gallerian replied, fist clenched, “I still can’t trust you all. Everything you’ve told me is a bit hard to swallow. –But I am sure that you all have the intention to go against Loki. That means that our interests are aligned. …And it’s certainly true that right now I need people to work with me.”

“…I’m glad you can see reason.” Kayo put a hand on his chest. “I didn’t want to have to do anything untoward towards you if I could help it.”

“’Untoward’? Were you planning to torture me or something?”

“Rather than torture…More like ‘brainwashing’.”

“Don’t make me shiver. Cut it out. I’ve no wish to have my head be tampered with by some ancient device,” Gallerian said, holding out his right hand to Kayo. “Well…While I can’t see us becoming friendly, I do hope we work well together, Miss Kayo.”

“No need for formalities. –And I don’t much care for being called by my proper name. If it’s not too much trouble, I’d prefer you call me by my pen name, ‘Ma’.”

“Very well—Then, to our partnership, ‘Ma’.”

As a strange crew of many secrets watched on—

The two of them shook hands.

.

–Life, or rather fate, is a progression of crossroads.

So then, I wonder if Gallerian’s choice will ultimately have been the correct one.

That will probably become clear through some more observation.

.

…Though I’m betting that he’s made a mistake!
