As he watched the movie that was playing on the screen, Gammon Octo thought back to when he had arrived in this theater.

…How many years was that after I had become the head of the Tasan Party?

After he had obtained that political clout, Gammon had gathered before him various reports. Among them was one that related to the katana that was his family heirloom, the one he had long been searching for.

The Venom Sword—That blade that Gallerian had stolen from him was not in the Dark Star Bureau nor his personal home.

But he had erected a theater, and it was there that he hid everything.

Around then Gammon had started to be afflicted by a “curse” that dwelled in his body. An insatiable, overwhelming lust towards women…It took everything he had to control himself, and he wasn’t able to do his work properly at all. The magic-cleansing tattoos he had on his body had been of no help whatsoever.

He did whatever he could to keep from approaching any of the women he tended to be around, but the problem there was his vice-leader, Nemesis. He had to meet with her directly to carry out their work. But…

He wanted to avoid at any cost harming the woman that his brother had loved.

In the end, Gammon had no choice but to abandon his position as leader and flee to Aceid, the capital of Elphegort.

And then I would up the Millennium Tree Forest…This theater.

His goal of course was to obtain the Venom Sword…and use it to lift his curse.

–The screen was now showing an image of an old red wine glass.

Upon seeing that, Gammon faintly shuddered without thinking.

Feh. So I guess you can shiver even after you’ve died and become a spirit…

Gallerian had assembled his collection of “Deadly Sin Vessels” in this theater. Among them was the wineglass, in which dwelled a disgusting and yet lovely demon.

…Banica Conchita.

Also known as “Master of the Graveyard”.

He had met her by chance in the forest’s graveyard, and seemed to have no interest in Gammon—but those servants of hers were another story.

When those twins, who looked to be minors, had attacked him with knives in hand, Gammon had held no great panic in his heart. Corrupt though he may be, he was a former soldier. He had no notion that he would be brought low by such children, and in actuality the battle proceeded with the advantage on his side, from start to finish.

…However, that outlook was changed by a new attacker. An enormous man had appeared before him, and the moment he turned his glare on Gammon, he transformed into a massive skeleton.

World Eater. How had a dead soldier that was spoken of as an object of terror among military men throughout the world wound up here? He’d had no idea at the time. He’d had no time to even think, knocked back by a huge white fist and losing consciousness. …When he came to, he was already inside the theater.

Ever since then, up until the present—Gammon had been living in the theater as the “gardener”.
Gammon stood up from his chair and stopped the projector.

Right before the screen had gone dark it had been playing an image of two hand mirrors.

He was reminded of a different person.

“…’Waiter’,” he murmured.

Gammon owed that girl his life. If it hadn’t been for her recommendation, he would have been immediately killed by the theater’s “residents’. And she had used the Venom Sword to lift Gammon’s curse.

…Although in the end she’d really only just delayed Gammon’s time of death by a little bit.

There were two “Punishment”s that had been fired at the forest. The first one had failed to destroy the theater.

For the gardener prior to Gammon—the sorceress of time–had protected it using some strange power.

However, when the next “Punishment” was fired…that sorceress was already dead.

She had been killed by someone—or rather two someones.

Without anyone to protect it, the theater was blown away by “Punishment”, and naturally Gammon, who was inside, lost his life.

Is what I’m trying to do…revenge?

No, Gammon shook his head.

He had no such personal feelings as that.
…He could hear noisy talking outside the theater.

It wasn’t that of a single person. A huge amount of souls had assembled outside—or rather, below the theater.

“So they’re here…my comrades.”

To go greet them—

And, to “save the world”.

Gammon headed outside the theater.
