After they got out of the forest, the two of them started to talk about what they had just witnessed.

“—That was disturbing.”

“Yeah. And there were so many things I didn’t get…For now let’s first talk about that man named Gammon. He said that he was given the ‘Blackbox’ from ‘god’…”

“Here in Evillious there are four people—or rather, ‘divine beings’, who are the subject of religious belief as ‘gods’. The sun god Sickle, the land god Held, and the twin gods Levia and Behemo. Maybe the ‘god’ that Gammon spoke of is one of them…Though we can rule out it being Levia at least.”

“I believe you. There are a lot of things about the other three that are inscrutable to me, but…I’d say the odds of it being them are slim.” As Allen spoke, he was struck by the fact that he was acquainted with all four of the gods.

When he really thought about it, that was pretty bizarre.

–That aside, in that case who gifted Gammon that ‘Blackbox’ and gave him the order to erase Riliane and the others?

There was a chance that Gammon was lying. Essentially that the ‘god’ he spoke of did not exist, and that all of it was entirely his own idea—

In that case, what could have been Gammon’s motive for taking such action?

“Was Gammon that kind of person when he was alive?” Allen asked Nemesis.

“He was, sort of…But there’s something off about him, too. My honest impression from that display we just witnessed was—‘Who’s he to talk, someone who ran away from his position as party head?’.”

“But the soldiers seemed to respect him.”

“I’ll admit that he has charisma. The Tasan Party was able to secure hegemony in Elphegort because of his merits, for sure. There’s no party member who isn’t aware of that. …Only, he hadn’t been that devout a person as far as I knew.”

“And the figures that Gammon pointed out as targets…Except for you, all of them are people who lived a very long time ago, that he’s never met before. Though, well, Duke Venomania is Gammon’s ancestor, and Kayo and Banica have a distant relation to him as well, so it’s not like there’s no connection whatsoever—”

“…He would have had some familiarity with Riliane too, wouldn’t he? If Gammon was in the theater up until his death, then Postman—a reincarnated Riliane—was also there.”

“Yeah, that’s right. That is true.”

The two of them hadn’t said it out loud, but there was another big commonality in the five targets.

–All of them were people who had contracted with a “Demon of Deadly Sin”.

But in the course of this thousand-year history, it wasn’t just those five who had contracted with demons. …So then why had he selected them as targets?
“Rather than just rambling on pondering it here, it might be faster if we ask Gammon—or rather, assuming his ‘god’ actually exists, them—directly,” Nemesis said, though Allen didn’t seem to be in agreement.

“That would be dangerous. You’re being targeted by him too.”

“…Let me confirm something here quick. I am alive, and everyone else—including Gammon and the soldiers and you…have all died and become souls, yes?”

“Yes.”

“So in other words, they have no physical body…Are they even still able to interact with me, given that I’m alive?”

“Do you remember the action you took before we left from where Gammon and others were?”

“Huh? Did I do something weird?”

“You tapped my shoulder. Even though I am a spirit with no physical body.”

“Ah…now that you mention it.”

Nemesis had done it without realizing, but now that she was thinking on it again, that had been strange.

“It’s the same as the trees in the forest. Even though your body is alive, you’re able to interact with souls, and vice versa.”

Nemesis lifted her head and glared at the moon above her.

Living people can touch “spirit data”? I wasn’t aware of such a system. …It seems that “Sickle” has been tinkering with the Third Period’s rules far more than expected.

Despite her bitterness, Nemesis strove to keep it from showing on her expression and turned back to Allen. “One more thing. All the targets aside from me are, of course, souls. How do they plan to kill people who are already dead?”

“—Gammon didn’t use the word ‘kill’, he said ‘erase’.”

“…So he must have some method for doing so.”

“Perhaps that ‘Blackbox’ itself is that. If what Gammon said was true, I think you might know more about that box than I do. …Does the ‘Blackbox’ have such an function?”

Nemesis thought for a moment after she was asked that question.

Assuming that it was the “Type S” that Seth made, then that feature would be—

–Shifting to a parallel world.

The Type S was originally created to prove a theory of Seth’s, him having been a physicist.

Only a limited number of people could use it. I was one of them. And I…became a subject of the Type S and was transferred to another time and space.

The parallel world that her soul—her spirit data had reached at the end was a place that greatly resembled the world that she lived in.

And there, I—met “another me”.

…Now wasn’t the time to be going over old memories.
Nemesis shook her head and settled her thoughts.

Then she said to Allen, “—Gammon’s ‘Blackbox’ may be able to transport a soul to an alternate dimension. So if he were to pull the trick of making it so that a transported soul was unable to come back…that could be said to have ‘erased’ them from this world.”

“Hmm…I wonder who made that box. I can’t imagine it was Gammon—”

“…It was probably Seth.”

“–!? Then is Seth the ‘god’ that Gammon spoke of–?”

“I don’t think so. I can’t imagine he’s pulling any sinister plots this late in the game. And Gumillia’s been keeping an eye on him. Maybe Gammon found something Seth made long ago and abandoned. …I think it would be fastest to ask Seth himself about it.”

“Would have been nice if he’d come with us instead of going off doing something else.”

“—When you arrived at where I was, you had Gumillia, Seth, and Michaela with you. Where did you meet with all of them?”

“I met Michaela in the forest. That was the first place I was when I landed down on the ground world. I asked that she come with me. She readily agreed when I told her that it was to help you.”

“And Gumillia and Seth?”

“With them…The ‘Master of the Hellish Yard’ just suddenly appeared from deep in the earth. Apparently they were chasing sinners who escaped from hell. I think maybe they’ve returned to doing that job right now.”
“In that case…I’ve got no idea where they might be.”

And there Allen seemed to think of something. “Ah, wait just a second. The sinners that Gumillia and Seth are looking for…are people who have contracted with a ‘Demon of Deadly Sin’.”

“–! Then if we go to the ‘Deadly Sin contractors’ that Gammon and the rest are searching for, there’s a chance we’ll reunite with Gumillia and Seth.”

“Right. Only, not all of Gammon’s targets are people that Gumillia is going after. Among those five, the only one who’s really fallen to hell…is Duke Venomania.”

“Huh?”

“You—Nemesis—are still alive, of course…And Banica Conchita didn’t actually die, strictly speaking. She assimilated the ‘Demon of Gluttony’ and became a new demon.”

“Ah, now that you mention it…”

Nemesis remembered that she had met Banica once in the parallel space that had been called the “court”.

Irina had called her the “Demon of Gluttony”…No, it wasn’t just then.

Nemesis had met Banica at a different place, too.

Back when she’d first headed to the theater, looking for Gammon…That woman in the red dress who had blocked her way in that forest graveyard—

Allen continued talking.

“So Banica has always been inside the wineglass. And Riliane…After she died, her spirit didn’t go to heaven or hell—it just continued to be reincarnated.”

“Reincarnation…Leaving aside the gods and their kin, that’s a very particular ability granted only to the ‘Twins of God’—I’m quite certain you and Riliane are different beings from them. Though you look similar.”

“Honestly, I don’t know the reason why Riliane reincarnated either.”

“Sickle didn’t tell you?”

“Yeah. But Sickle did call me ‘Irregular’. If that word applies to Riliane as well, then maybe there’s some relation there.”

“Or…maybe it’s connected to the circumstances of your birth.”

“…?”

“Well, let’s just leave it there. Now…What about Kayo Sudou?”

The moment that she voiced that name, Nemesis’ heart sank a little.

For she had the same full name as the woman that she had once called “mother”.

“Kayo-san…Well, how shall I put this…She has Gumillia’s favor.”

“Wha?”

“I guess because her appearance is the same as that of her old mentor. Gumillia apparently decided not to drop Kayo-san into hell, and instead keeps her around to make her clothes.”

“…Pfff. Ha ha ha…” Nemesis suddenly burst into laughter. “That’s so Gumillia. Come to think of it, she was wearing a pretty stylish outfit.”

“Yeah. Kayo-san made it for her.”

“Haha…That aside, looks like the place we should go next is where Duke Venomania is. You know where he’s been staying?”

“I do. He’s probably in Asmodean. But—” The next thing Allen uttered was a bit unexpected for Nemesis. “—Let’s still head to Lucifenia like we originally planned.”

Nemesis started to ask him why, but before she could she realized what he was feeling by looking at his expression.

…He’s worried about his sister.

Allen had come to take a much more mature attitude compared to how he’d been in life. That was only natural, considering close to five hundred years had passed since then.

What’s more, thanks to the “Blackbox” on the moon he had gained an ordinarily impossible amount of knowledge.

And yet, the fact remained that he was still a human being. Even if they became a spirit, no matter how much time passed, a concern for those closest to them was constant, and at times it could even drive a person mad.

–Just as it had with Nemesis herself.

“…Let me justify myself for a moment,” Allen cut in somewhat awkwardly, appearing to have guessed what Nemesis was thinking. “I’m not just saying that out of my own personal feelings. I said so earlier, but Riliane has been in the theater as Postman—Lilith. She may know something about Gammon and this ‘Blackbox’.”
“But in that case couldn’t we also go to Banica?”

Allen shook his head at her somewhat unkind question.

“Our original reasoning was that we had to go meet with Gumillia—or, more accurately, Seth that she’s wearing as a mask. The odds are slim that Gumillia is pursuing Riliane. …But if we go to Lucifenia, there may be other ‘Deadly Sin contractors’ there.”

“You mean—”

“People you know quite well yourself. Apparently Riliane is currently throwing a banquet in Lucifenia for all of the souls she used to know. A great deal of figures from other countries are going to the illusory palace.”

“—I get it. You mean Kyle Marlon.”

“Right. And Keel Freezis’ wife, Lady Mikina.”

The face of another ‘Deadly Sin contractor’ came to Nemesis’ mind.

Prim…But of course, she wouldn’t be going to a party hosted by Riliane.

The Lucifenian Revolution—there were many who had contracted with “Demons of Deadly Sin” before and after that chaos.

And there were figures among them that Gumillia would know, as well.
“That sounds like a pretty good start.”

“Yeah, and even you too—”

“—Right. It’s not like I don’t have anyone I’ve been wanting to see again. …Alright. Let’s go to Lucifenia. I imagine it’s closer than Asmodean.”

If they headed further south from here, Lucifenia would be right there.
