The former royal library was about ten minutes’ walking distance from the mayor’s house.

It was an old building, but it was still lacquered red like all the others, the paint possessing an artificial, brand new gloss.

As there wasn’t anyone at the reception desk, Hanne quietly moved right into the library.

It was hopelessly dusty inside, probably because the windows were closed.

She reflexively scratched her scalp beneath her dull emerald green hair several times.

The fact that it was extremely itchy probably wasn’t just the dust’s fault. Hanne hadn’t washed her hair for several days.

She didn’t put much effort into doing trifling things like that. She wasn’t strict enough on it that she’d call it a policy of hers, but it was certainly one of the principles of her behavior.

With that in mind one could say that visiting this library the way she was now was a contradiction to that principle.

She had already finished her data coverage. So why did she need to go out of her way to do even more investigating?

She didn’t need to show that to anyone, or answer her own question.

She would do it because she wanted to—that was all there was to it.

.

She was able to find the portrait she was after immediately.

It was boldly adorning the surface of the wall of a hallway that went from the entrance to the library cellar.

Next to a mustached man in uniform standing upright was a smiling, youthful maiden sitting in a chair.

On a plate below the frame was briefly written the title of the painting and the name of the artist who’d painted it.

“The count of Calgaround and his wife”-by Gumina Glassred.

The very same Gumina Glassred who was the first female prime minister of Elphegort. It seemed she’d decided to take up a hobby of painting; you could find pictures she’d made decorating establishments all throughout the country.

Hanne gazed at the portrait in silence for a moment.

So…That’s what it was.

Yukina and her fellow traveler Kyle must have seen this picture.

To be accurate, they had seen the woman with the green hair and pigtails depicted in it—Mikulia.

In the eyes of most people, Mikulia probably looked like little more than just another beautiful woman.

But to Yukina and Kyle that must not have been the case.

The two of them must have been quite shocked…

What it was they were surprised by—Hanne knew.

Because the surprise they felt in that moment, now Hanne herself was experiencing.

.

“My my, this place is seldom graced with visitors.”

Hanne turned around at the sudden greeting from behind.

Though she couldn’t see his face, his head and mouth wrapped in a large cloth, she could tell from his voice that he was a man.

Judging by the duster he had in his hand, he was probably cleaning up the building.

“Are you the librarian here?”

At Hanne’s question the man bowed his head in a nod. “Do you mayhap have an interest in this here portrait?”

“Oh, no, not really…I am Hanne Lorre of the Schuburg Newspaper. I’ve come to this town for a little while for my coverage—”

“Ah, I did hear tell of your arrival from the mayor. She did convey that you were investigating into ‘The Flower of the Plateau’ or somesuch?”

Considering she’d just come directly from the mayor’s home, the transmission of gossip in this town was surprisingly fast.

“In that case, I am fain to let you investigate at your leisure. Although I shan’t know whether or not what we have here will prove helpful…”

That being said, in truth Hanne’s only aim had just been to see the painting for herself; as such, she’d already achieved said goal.

Although going home having only seen a painting after coming over to the library might be a little bit strained, as well as rude.

“Yes, I think I will do that,” Hanne said, deciding to quietly accept the librarian’s suggestion.

“I will continue my tasks on yonder, so should you require my aid do feel at liberty to call for me. If that is all…”

After saying that, the librarian walked back towards the reception desk.

Well then.

Then, perhaps she should take a break and spend some time reading for a bit.

Hanne entered the book depository and started to search for books that might be related to “The Flower of the Plateau”.

She searched for titles among the historical books lined up on the shelf that appeared to mention the period Mikulia was alive…something from around the years 100-200; but there were none to be found. When it came to anything from over four hundred years ago the documents were so old that there were hardly any left—that was true even of the big library in the capital. Despite its royal roots that was all the more true for such a library out in the sticks.

With no recourse, she tried looking for a slightly newer book. She found a few books from the year 300 onward, took them up in her hands and flipped through the pages to scan the contents before returning them back to the shelves again.

Hanne’s hand came to a stop after flipping through the pages of one book. Unlike the others it was filled with illustrations, and so without thinking she checked the cover. It was titled, “An Evillious Travel Journal”. It seemed the author was a minstrel called Xenos Jaakko.

–This is about the time I went to the town of Gasto in Beelzenia to see the Pale Men of hearsay. I met a certain female duo there. I didn’t pay it much attention at the time, but after thinking back on it I realized that one of the women resembled someone. I knew just who that someone was two months later, when I arrived at the town of Demilamb. I knew for sure the moment I took one of the wanted posters plastered about here and there in my hands. There was no mistake, that girl with the pigtails was “The Phantom Thief, Platonic”. I hurriedly headed for Calgaround in Elphegort. I knew that Platonic’s true identity was as the noble daughter of a family in Calgaround. And, that if I could offer up any information on Platonic I’d receive some kind of reward from the earl of Calgaround. I had just run out of travel funds. I thought I’d get some good spending money. …Speaking just of results, my prediction did not go smoothly at all. Apparently, Platonic—at that time she’d gone back to her original name—had washed her hands of being a professional thief, and had already come back to her family. She merely smiled, a red glass filled with wine in her hand, as though she didn’t remember me at all. I made a song of this incident that I called “Platonic and the Wine Glass”, but it wasn’t very popular, so I only sang it six times—

Depicted next to that description was a colored illustration of someone who was presumably “The Phantom Thief, Platonic”.

Those emerald green eyes and hair, and those pigtails—she was a girl with features that were entirely the same as Mikulia’s.

Of course, it was unlikely that Mikulia and Platonic were the same person. Their time periods were separated by close to 200 years. If one were to believe the description that was written here, assuming that Platonic was a descendent of Mikulia’s it was probably not that strange that she should resemble her in appearance.

Just to be sure, she looked around to see if there were any other books written about Platonic, but it seemed that this minstrel’s work was the only one.

Don’t they have another place where they store books?

Hanne left the book depository and headed for the reception desk.

The librarian from before was gone. There was a door on the other end of the reception desk; it was open a crack, and she could hear a rustling sound from the gap.

Hanne climbed over the reception counter to open up the door.

…Huh?

She caught sight of a book left carelessly on top of the counter. The yellowed and sun damaged book didn’t look all that different from the ones in the book depository.

But Hanne couldn’t stop herself from taking it up in her hands. It was only natural, with the title that was written there on the front binding.

.
The Flower of the Plateau

.

Listed underneath it as the author was the name “Yukina Freezis.”

This was without a doubt the thought-lost Freezis Fairytale, The Flower of the Plateau.

Carrying the book in her hand, Hanne vigorously kicked up open the door. Then she seized the librarian by his lapel as he stared at her in shock.

“…What’s this book doing here?”

“Pr-prithee, what are you on about!?”

“Don’t play dumb. This is obviously ‘The Flower of the Plateau’ that Yukina Freezis wrote. Furthermore, it’s not a copy. Going from the handwriting, and the book’s condition, I’m certain this is the original manuscript. As a librarian I’m certain you know that the moment any one of Yukina Freezis’ works on the ‘Lost List’ is found it has to be reported to the Freezis foundation immediately and turned in, don’t you?”

“T-‘tis just an oversight on my part!”

“An oversight? Well, that’s alright. Just be sure to give the same explanation to the World Police.”

“Y-you would tell of my trespass to the World Police?!”

The World Police—Upon hearing that name, the librarian had begun to panic even more.

“That’s only natural, isn’t it? I’m an employee of the Schuburg Newspaper—a subsidiary of the Freezis Foundation. Now that I’ve discovered a book of dubious legality, I have to.”

“Dubious legality…? Of what are you—"

“In a situation where a work of the ‘Lost List’ is found, there’s primarily two reasons for it. First, is the case where the owner has it without knowing that it’s a Freezis Fairytale, or that it’s on the ‘Lost List’. Given that you’re a librarian of the formerly royal library, that seems highly unlikely, yes? So—as the only option left, the case must be that this book is from dealings on the black market!”

There were a lot of fans of the Freezis Fairytales. And when it came to the original manuscripts they would sometimes bring in extraordinarily high prices. One reason for that was because the Freezis Foundation rigidly managed those books. However…no, because of that, rather…there were cases of some people—or, rather, an organization—scheming for money who would hide them from the Freezis Foundation and exchange publications behind the scenes to make a profit.

For that reason, all said transactions were supervised by the international organization, “World Police”, which the Freezis Foundation created themselves.

“I—I beg for your forgiveness…”

His was still concealed by the cloth as before, so she couldn’t tell his expression, but the librarian’s voice had changed to sound like he might burst out crying.

“Just obediently tell the World Police everything….My little sister works there, so if you make an honest confession I’ll even put in a good word for you to have a lighter sentence.”

“Such a thought! If I If I dost tell all, I shall certainly be dispatched by ‘Pere Noel’!”

“Wh-!? Pere…Noel?”

Confusion rose to the surface in Hanne’s expression, about the same time as the librarian let out an “Ah…”, realizing he’d said too much.
She released his lapels that she’d been gripping. “That so?…Got it. If you fulfill my conditions, I might be able to overlook this.”

“F-forsooth!?”

“Yeah. Confess to me—and only to me. Who did you buy this book from?”

“I told you, if I talk—”

“I won’t say anything to anyone else. I’ll keep it close to my chest. Tell me, or the World Police…Decide yourself which.”

“…Verily, you will not write an article about it?”

“Oh, right…I’ll at least cover up the bit about you, at least.”

Appearing to agree, the librarian looking down at the floor and finally uttered, “…Toragay.”

That was the name of a town southwest from here and northwest from the capital Aceid.

“You obtained it there?”

“There is a man thence who operates the black market with Toragay as his base…It was from him that I bought it. I had thought I might amass some spoils for myself by reselling it…”

“And that man’s name?”

“As for that…he had been donning a mask…and he had taken the designation as the leader of the criminal organization ‘Pere Noel’…a-nd that, the color of his hair was blue!”

“Blue? Not green?”

When it came to the features of Elphe people, the indigenous people of Elphegort, everyone’s hair color was emerald green. That was why it had the alias of “The Green Country”.

However, in recent years their population of immigrants from other countries had been greatly expanding. Actually, the hair color of the mayor she’d met with not long ago, Julia, wasn’t green either; it was brown.

Even so, it was still unusual. Searching for a lead on a man with blue hair in a relatively small town like Toragay wouldn’t be all that hard.

He’s not an Elphe…Perhaps a foreigner from another country…In what country is blue hair a commonly seen feature? …Ah, this is pointless isn’t it? I get the feeling that nowadays my forgetfulness is getting w–

The librarian dazedly looked at Hanne for a moment while she wracked her brain.

But, as though he’d suddenly thought of something, he ran up to the window.

“Huah!”

Perhaps he’d decided now was his chance to escape. He went on to open the window, leaping outside at full speed.

Despite the fact that escaping didn’t seem to have much point to it, aside from keeping his identity a secret.

Oh well.

Hanne didn’t pursue him. She had already gotten the information she needed.

.

When she returned to the entrance of town, the carriage that had carried her there was still on standby at the spot.

“Oh, heading back already?”

Hanne nodded towards the coachman as he spoke to her, and climbed into the carriage. “I’d really intended to stay for a night, but. Urgent business has come up.”

“You’re saving me some trouble all the same. I don’t think I would be able to catch any new clients in a place like this? –Is our destination Aceid?”

“No…”

Just as she had been doing when she’d originally come here, Hanne leaned against the luggage compartment door.

“Toragay. Head for the town of Toragay, please.”
