Chapter Three

Section I –Waltz of the Diva-

✿ Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Aceid • Inn” ~

Elphegort’s largest city – Aceid. As the nation’s capital, Aceid is divided into five regions: The North,
South, East, West and Central. The central area of the city brings all the residents together. Trades with
Lucifenia are most prevalent in the southern area. All kinds of open-air stalls can be found there. The
Western and Northern part is the residential area for Nobles and Wealthy people; they cover a broad
area. While the majority of the eastern part is where poor residents live, the general public will not
easily close the area.

Today, Clarith and I spend the night in a small hotel located in the central region of Aceid. The owners
of the inn seem to be the midwife who delivered Ein. Because of Ein, we were able to stay in the inn.
After dropping us here, Ein went to Earl Felix’s mansion.

“The naughty little boy has become such a promising man.”

While pointing to Ein, the owner of the inn scratched the bald side of his head. Ein’s mother died when
Ein was still young. The owner’s wife had to take a mother’s role and take care of him.

The couple makes a profit by operating the inn. We stay in it and pay some accommodation. Apart from
anything else, the couple accepted us. The couple were immigrants; not natives of Elphegort ad thus,
does not wear tinted glasses when looking at Clarith.

We were staying in the inn for a week now. Tonight, we were sitting in the living room and drinking tea.

“As immigrants, it’s difficult to do business in this country”

“Mr. Keel is just the few immigrants who are successful in business. This is just simply a matter of having
business savvy.”

Complaints made by the couple while computing their accounts. Managing a hotel doesn’t seem to be a
very good business.

“Speaking of Mr. Keel, doesn’t he live in the northern part of Aceid?”

“Oh, so you know about him. As immigrants, he represents as the star of hope for us.”

My question made the owner talk about all the incidents they had and, at the same time, talked about
people he respected. The boss goes on and on and I talked a lot too.

In this country, or even the whole of Evillious, Mr. Keel Freesis’s name is known. His business, the
Freesis Foundation, is a chamber for commerce. Needless to say, he has a branch in Lucifenia’s
Kingdom, in Marlon, in Divine Levianta and in Elphegort.

Not only that, but Keel also combined with other trading associations. His plan to make a union where
sharing of useful information to get better benefits was a success. Keel’s authority even catches up
