Her bright eyes were in awe. Clarith took a step back. As if to tie with Clarith, she also took a step
forward, followed by Clarith taking a step back. After a while, they were outside the inn.”

“White hair, red eyes… This is the first time I’ve seen someone from the Netsuma Tribe”

As Mrs. Freesis said this, Clarith’s footsteps stopped. She seems to want Clarith to have peace of mind.
She smiled then got back inside and sat down.

“……I haven’t asked for your name yet.”

“My name is Michaela. Her name is Clarith”

Clarith had a nervous expression. She doesn’t seem to know what is happening.

“You have a good name. I understand. Please come to my house to work… but only this Clarith
person.”

I swallowed the gush of joy I just have.

“Hey… We are two people…”

“Does that mean because you two are friends, you both have to have the same job? Work is not such a
simple thing.”

“But… why can’t I…”

“Because I hate Elphegorteans”

A senseless sentence. The moment I asked why, she gave me a hateful stare.

“……I’m joking. In the surroundings, not only the Netsuma but other immigrants as well, have a hard
time finding a job. Even if it’s just a little contribution, I hope to provide some help by allowing them to
serve as servants in my home. You, Michaela, as a Elphegortean, can find work elsewhere and---“

Mrs. Freesis sighed then looked at my body, as if she had figured out the whole situation. Clarith had an
uneasy expression.

“You are too beautiful. If I hired you, there is no guarantee that individuals will not come by the house
and bring unnecessary trouble.”

I can understand her reasons and I now understand that searching for ‘sin’ is now irrefutable.

At this point, Clarith, who was silent till now, stepped forward and bowed her head.

“Please, I beg of you. Please hire Michaela as well!”

“You also suffered from the cruelty of Elphegorteans right? Why are you siding with her?”
