When I finished singing, I heard clapping hands behind me. Clarith and I looked back only to see Mr.
Keel.

“Good! That was great Michaela. I never knew you had such talent.”

In a whim, I unconsciously sang loud. It must have reach Mr. Keel’s room. Clarith should have let me
know that my singing was too loud.

“I’m sorry for making such loud noises…”

“No, you don’t have to apologize. Anyway, Michaela, do you like singing?”

“…Yes”

I took a quick glance at Clarith. She seems to have a concerned look.

“Starting tomorrow, I would like you to sing your favorite song during the day.”

“Eh?”

“I’m going to call for a vocal teacher and ask him to help you improve your vocal skills.”

“May I ask… what does that mean?”

“You will see. It’s getting cold now. You better get back to your room. Good Night”

Although Mr. Keel always wears a smile, but his eyes seems to be flashing with demeanor.

Two weeks later, I sang in front of others with my own song.

✿ Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Freesis Mansion•Lobby” ~

In the Freesis household, Mr. Keel would invite friends to dinner every month. The guest include
members of the Freesis Foundation from other countries. Here, they would share intelligence, do
transactions or to take advantage of the opportunity of further enhancing their own authority.

While ignoring the noise of the venue, Mr. Keel clapped his hands to get everyone’s attention.

“Ladies and Gentlemen, although the banquet has reached its climax, I’m still going to show to you all
my treasured items!”

“Treasured items? You’re not going show that again today?”

“Forget about shabby performances like magic”

I don’t know who started the joke but the people blurted out a little laughter. When the laughter
stopped, Mr. Keel showed a confident smile.
