✿ Michaela ~ Elphegort Country’s “Freesis Mansion • Living Room” ~

Since my first performance in front of everybody, I am now familiar with many aristocrats as well as
business men. Along with it, problems came one after another. Young nobles even began to ask me to
marry them.

While Mr. Keel was pleased with the offer, but I can’t just accept. My time as a human will end in two
years. After that, I have to change back into a spirit.

Further to say, I am still not able to clearly understand the feelings of human love.

(How do you even love a person?)

I used to be a genderless spirit and have never been in love before.

By observing the visitors coming to the forest, several times I would see the man telling the woman or
the woman telling the man his or her love then they begin kissing each other. I have seen the result of
reckless love that only leads to a tragic ending. But even so, I still couldn’t resonate those feelings. In my
eyes, those feeling are only unique to humans

I’m very fortunate to win an applause again for tonight’s dinner. Before, I was happy to sing for them but
now, it has become a pain because I had to deal with people’s praise and some are full of discontent. But
I mostly get good answers.

“Are you okay? If you’re getting too tired, you can leave and rest for now”

Mrs. Freesis is always very caring. I thanked her and bowed then walked towards the living room that
serves as a lounge during dinner.

“I’m so tired”

I sat on the sofa. The living room was decorated with several painting which are all part of a collection. I
looked around and one particular painting caught my eye.

In comparison to the other paintings, this one was more conservative. Though it was a picture of a
blond girl smiling and standing on the coast but it can give you an ominous sad feeling. Although the
painter’s name is on the lower part of the painting, I can’t read and identify him.

(It would have been nice if I learned a little from Elluka)

In those three months of training, she didn’t even give some spare time to learn how to read. Although
Elluka told me I will learn in time, but starting life as a farmer, this is impossible.

(Clarith’s mother knows how to read and write. I should have let her teach me)

I stared at the signature.

“Kachess Crim is my pen name.”

From behind, some told me the name of the author. The one who walked into the room was none
other than Kyle, the King of Marlon.

“Ky-Kyle, you Royal Highness! You scared me. Please don’t scare like that!”

“I’m sorry. I knocked on the door… but no one responded”

I was probably too focused to notice the knock on the door. For him to just walk in… he should at least
called me out.
