This book marks the fourth in the “Deadly Sins of Evil” series, but unlike the others this one is not based off of any of the “Seven Deadly Sins”. Strictly speaking, it’s a sequel to the previous work, “Gift from the Princess Who Brought Sleep”.

I considered for a moment if it wouldn’t be nicer to just make one deadly sin per book, but “The Daughter of Evil” that I started with already had four books to it, after all. So I decided not to worry about that.

This story is set at roughly the middle of the series, and it has a big turning point in it. For that reason its various scenes and depictions are a little bit complicated, but…Well, I hope you’ll forgive me on that. I needed to come to a settlement somewhere, once and for all. After this it’ll go back to being a bit more simple.

This applies to the previous work as well, but I had several substantial alterations and additions to the plot during the course of writing this.

For example, the true identity of the character that becomes clear in the end of the previous book. That originally wasn’t going to be established in that scene. I figured we would learn the truth alongside the other characters in the climax of this book. As for why I changed it…For no other reason than the flow of the story. I wound up feeling like, “If they don’t show up here, when are they gonna show up?” as I was writing it. Though ultimately I think it was the right choice.

Aside from that, there’s also the diva “Rin Chan”. Frankly, at first she was just a one-shot character who showed up in a Schuburg newspaper article. So I was more careless than usual on her name. It’s basically just “Rin-chan”, after all. Furthermore, before that she’d had the name of “Rinchan Orenoyome”. I’m terrible.

One of the themes that’s pervaded the series is that of the connection between mother and child. Venomania’s mother killed herself because of him, Conchita was abused by her mother (and her final outcome wound up tying into that theme too), and Riliane went out of control as she did out of wanting to become like her mother. Aside from that there’s many characters who have antagonist relationships with their mothers, like Kyle, and Hänsel and Gretel.

This time the theme became something that was more in the forefront. Lemy and Julia had a good relationship, which is rare for this series, but were they ultimately able to understand each others’ feelings? I think you can tell by reading the book, however the two of them are both a little different from the average person. Perhaps that’s why neither of them knew how to love someone or be loved by them. This theme is going to continue on past this point. After all, I’m sure the next work is going to be “The Tailor of Enbizaka”, and I do recall something like “sewing scissors inherited by my mother” showing up in the lyrics. The setting is going to be the country whose name has popped up from time to time through the series, Jakoku. It’s a country that’s based on Japan in the real world.

Well then, let us meet again next at the “Deadly Sin of Envy”—

AkunoP (mothy)
