The World Police was an international organization founded in the year 573 under the leadership of Shaw Freezis, the chief minister of the Freezis Foundation.

Every country had organizations that maintained public order before it was established. There were countries where people in the position of peace officers were in charge of that, and other ones where the military would handle all peacekeeping work. However, they weren’t fully organized, and there was no cooperation between countries.

With the conflicts among countries quieting down, and the Evillious region beginning to grow peaceful, the new problem that had risen up to take its place was organized crime syndicates. There were even some cases where they were radicalized out of vigilante corps that had originally been formed to ensure a region’s order and stability. Viewing these as a problem, each country’s government began to seek out a unified peacekeeping organization that would be divided into subdivisions.

However, while things were peaceful compared to how they used to be, that didn’t mean that international warfare had ceased completely. It wasn’t a simple matter to get several countries in cooperation with each other.

Shaw Freezis was the one to step forward in that regard. The Freezis Foundation had at the time spread its influence over the entire Evillious region, and had connections to important people in various countries. It is thought that it was for this reason that they were able to establish a peacekeeping organization with a degree of compromise over the advantages and disadvantages of each country through the foundation’s leadership. And it ended up achieving great success.

There were those who objected to a foundation with one individual acting as its representative having its own peacekeeping organization, but they were quieted down by the establishment that the World Police was merely an assembly of each country’s personal police organizations. In other words, the police powers that carried out all peacekeeping actions would go on as they had before under each country’s governments, and the World Police operated to share information among the regional police and seek unity of purpose. For example, in the case of Elphegort, the one who ran the Elphegort branch was the government of Elphegort, and its members were comprised of people who had originally been Elphegort police officers. But if the criminal of another country were to flee to Elphegort, or if they were up against any large-scale criminal organizations that operated between multiple countries, then they would be able to freely make use of the World Police’s societal networks, data on their targets, and easily obtain case details. Depending on the situation they would conduct an investigation with the cooperation of foreign officers.

Shaw had told Hanne that he wouldn’t mind leaving the World Police under her command, but in truth that would obviously be illegal. Despite being the leader of the Freezis Foundation, that didn’t mean that Shaw could do whatever he pleased with their police organization for his own convenience.

Only, that was, to the end, little more than the official stance. The vast bulk of the World Police’s funding was supplied by the foundation, and it was the true state of affairs for them that they couldn’t ignore the word of the foundation’s head so easily.

The World Police’s headquarters were in Marlon, but there as well they only conducted criminal investigations and peacekeeping inside the country, with sovereignty over them being held by the Marlon government.

However, there was another station inside the main headquarters that existed to aid in the undertaking of international criminal investigations.

It was the International Works Department, of the World Police’s Marlon Headquarters. It was commonly called “Justea”. Justea was the name of an old Beelzenian Emperor, who was himself known as the founder of the first peacekeeping organization in the Evillious region. A history buff, the first chief of the works department took on that name for them, and that spread through public consciousness.

There weren’t many investigators who worked under Justea. At present there were only twelve. They were the sole members of the World Police who were permitted to conduct investigations without heed to diplomatic negotiations, and due to the strength of their influence their numbers were always constrained to the minimum.

–Anyway. It had become quite frequent lately that one of the Justea investigators had been recklessly abusing their authority, and would carry out wild investigations in various countries.

Today, a letter of protest from a certain country had reached the works department. It was from the government of Elphegort.

She was responsible again. It seemed she had launched an assault on a private residence in the town of Toragay in Elphegort. What was worse, he’d been told that the owner of the house had ultimately had no connection to any crimes.

He had already summoned the perpetrator behind the incident. Hob had roared at her about it like usual when she came to the director’s office, but she replied, as calm in expression as she ever was, “I wouldn’t say, there was no connection, at all.”

“Oh? Then tell me, Investigator Heidemarie Lorre. You were pursing the criminal of the Rin Chan kidnapping case—what relevance does that have to the owner of an inn!?”

“I received information, that the suspected criminal, had entered Elphegort. The person who brought him there, by carriage, was the inn owner’s son. So I concluded that, the criminal and Rin Chan were at the inn—”

Hob was growing irritated. Both at Heidemarie’s attitude showing no self-reflection at all, and her tendency to periodically halt in her speech.

“But in the end that coachman was only carrying the two along as a job, and at that time you were at the inn he’d already taken them to the Kihel check station far away from Toragay—At least, according to the information that’s come my way?”

“Oh, so you already know.”

“It seems the officers of the Elphegort division are far superior to you. Unfortunately, their movements aren’t known after they got off the carriage at the check station…Because you were causing havoc on a completely off-the-mark investigation! Heidemarie!”

Hob hit the desk before him. In reality he wanted to strike the woman in front of him directly, but she was the great-granddaughter of Shaw Freezis.

–Though, even in Justea Hob was the only one who knew that.

“…I’ve decided to take you off this investigation,” Hob muttered as he heaved a sigh.

“Why?”

“Isn’t it obvious!? You’ve been causing nothing but trouble! Trashing buildings all over the place, torturing suspects without permission, disregarding cooperation with local police, skipping out on work to go see concerts, and, finally, giving an interview in the newspaper!”

Hob spread out a sheet of paper before Heidemarie’s eyes. It was the Schuburg newspaper that had been published two weeks ago.

“This article on Rin Chan being a lip-syncher. The female fan written of in there is obviously you! Who the hell gave you permission to do that?!”

“No, I just answered them, because I was asked. …And—” Heidemarie took in a little huff of breath, and then continued in a strong tone, “I believe in her. I know…that Rin Chan is no lip syncher—”

“I don’t care about that! You’ve put Justea’s dignity on the line! …Whatever the case, I want you to take a break for a while. Really I want to sack you, but that’s not something I can do.”

The reason he couldn’t fire her wasn’t because she was the chief minister’s great-granddaughter. Every once in a blue moon her heavy-handed investigations would provide much better results than expected. Thanks to that, though he petitioned the higher-ups to dismiss her, they never agreed to it.

“The inn that you attacked…Your older sister was staying there was a guest, wasn’t she? Then that’s a perfect opportunity. You should spend your time off in your home country of Elphegort with your sister, yeah?”

“I see…I might, take you up on that.”

“I’m so grateful you agree so readily.”

“Then I’m off…”

“—Oy, wait a moment. You intend to take your gun with you? Leave that here!”

But Heidemarie shook her head.

“This is, mine.”

“Ch…Fine, but while you’re suspended you’re just an average citizen. If you fire that at anyone I’ll arrest you so fast your head will spin.”

“…I’ll keep that in mind.”

Heidemarie left the room without so much as bowing. Once the door had closed, Hob kicked his desk with his right foot as hard as he could.

…His toes hurt.
