24 Dead at the Charity Institute—Cause Unknown

Once more an unusual event has occurred in the town of Toragay.

On the 17th of October, 18 children living at the Toragay Charity Institute as well as six staff members were found dead.

The cause is unknown, but the World Police plans to investigate considering every possibility, such as illness, accidents, or murder.

[…]

Additionally, the World Police see an investigator there at the time, Heidemarie Lorre, as being deeply involved, and are pursuing her whereabouts.

If anyone sees Heidemarie Lorre, they should go to the World Police’s Elphegort division, or the nearest World Police Station.

\*There is a follow up report. Please see the next article.

.

No End to Toragay’s Strange Epidemic in Sight—Close to Another 30 People Dead?

Relating to the many fatalities of the Charity Institute reported on the 17th of October, turmoil over this epidemic has risen in Toragay.

It is said that inhabitants have been falling to similar symptoms one after another since the 17th.

As there are no official announcements from the World Police the details are unknown, however from this paper’s personal coverage there is the possibility that the outbreak of this strange disease has hit close to 30 inhabitants.

As it may be contagious, we are waiting on an announcement and cooperation from the World Police.

- There is a follow up report. Please see the next article.

.

Travel Between Toragay and Aceid Prohibited—No Word From the World Police

Relating to Toragay’s turmoil from its epidemic, this paper’s coverage has confirmed that the highway connecting Toragay with the capital of Aceid has been shut down by the World Police.

There have been no official announcements from the World Police on this matter.

There are complaints coming out from people who regularly use the highway.

On the other side, as this lockdown is above all else proof of the epidemic spreading in Toragay, the citizens of Aceid have become filled with unease.

.

- Due to circumstances, the planned to be published “A Feature on Kaspar Blankenheim (II)” has been put on hold.
