Here is today’s hors d’oeuvre, “liver pâté of Tasan pig with assorted vegetables”.

Yes, it’s a Tasan pig.

–Oh, you don’t know of the Tasan pig?

…I beg your pardon.

I suppose it’s not unreasonable that our esteemed guest would not know about it, hm?

Nowadays the Tasan pig is a rare species, whose existence is rarely confirmed.

However, the pig’s liver pâté is a dish that was greatly loved regardless of social rank as cuisine native to the southern region of the Bolganio continent, about seven hundred years ago.

As its name suggests, it is a creature that hails from the southwest section of Bolganio–the so-called Tasan region.

The Tasan region was, in olden days, the location of a large nation that rivaled the Magic Kingdom Levianta, the great Tasan Empire.

At the same time as the Magic Kingdom Levianta was destroyed thanks to that catastrophe, the Tasan Empire was split into the two countries of Re Tasan and Ra Tasan due to internal strife.

Finally the two countries were conquered by the neighboring Beelzenian Empire, and after that the name of Tasan vanished from history.

It is said that Tasan pig meat pies were the favorite food of the last emperor of the Tasan Empire, Emperor Ang. I’ve heard that back then it was quite an expensive dish, but as time has passed it reached the common class, and became a far cheaper food.

Compared to general pigs that are more commonly eaten, even today the Tasan pig’s meat is much tougher, its smell is much stronger, and it is rarely used as an ingredient for food.

So then, when it comes to which portion you actually eat, it is the entrails that’s used in cooking. This is because unlike the meat, the internal organs have a particular consistency and a faint sweetness that is exceptionally delicious.

The liver pâté that you are sampling now, sir, could be said to be the most exemplary form of cooking it.

The most precious out of all the Tasan pig varieties is the breed known as the “Baemu”.

The “Baemu” has flaming red hair unlike the other Tasan pigs that have black hair, and on its temples it has splendid brown horns. Differences of that nature. One might even wonder if it’s some different species entirely with all these differences, but according to legend it is to the end just one type of Tasan pig.

I say “legend” because it is thought that the Baemu has already gone extinct, and it’s impossible to see one nowadays. When it comes to the Baemu it is a sad fact that you can only see it in textbooks.

Furthermore it was difficult to find a Baemu even in the era when Tasan pigs were still thriving, and it was forbidden by the laws of the Levin faith to eat it. Apparently the church at the time claimed that it was a messenger of demons, and that if you ate it a great calamity would befall you.

There is a theory that Emperor Ang, whom I mentioned earlier, would eat the Baemu. As his empire fell to ruin soon afterwards, maybe there’s some actual credibility to that.

…Actually, there is one other figure who is historically said to have eaten the Baemu.

That would be a feudal lord in the Beelzanian Empire, Duke Muzuri Conchita.

It’s said that he was descended both from the “lustful duke” Sateriasis Venomania and Maylis Beelzenia of the Beelzenian Imperial line.

In regards to the “lustful duke”—if you don’t know about him either, there should be several texts left on the legend about him, so I would recommend that you later read one of those.

Anyway, this Duke Conchita was a huge gourmet, so apparently he had always been wanting to taste the Baemu at least once.

It was an infraction against the laws of the church, but as Duke Conchita wasn’t a follow of Levin in the first place, it’s thought that he didn’t know of that law.

But, as I said earlier the Baemu was a pig that was extremely rare to find, and so for a long time a chance to eat one eluded him

Duke Conchita first laid eyes on the Baemu pig in the year his daughter—Banica Conchita—was born into this world; it was the year 296 in Evillious history—

It is said that when the long-awaited first child of Duke Muzuri Conchita, a feudal lord of the Beelzenian Empire, was born, he greatly rejoiced and immediately ordered his servants to prepare for a celebration.

She was a baby girl, precious as a treasure to him.

He quarreled with his wife Megour regarding her name, but in the end it calmed down with him giving her the name of “Banica”, as suggested by said wife.

“Of course we weren’t going with ‘Muraramurajakotasupopopo'…” the wife apparently muttered to one of the servants, appalled.

In celebration of his eldest daughter’s birth, several celebratory goods were sent to Muzuri’s mansion in the mountains from the lords of the empire. There were many of them, to the point where even Muzuri himself couldn’t tell which presents were from who.

“These jewels are from Duke Oruhari…That mirror is from Sir Yocaski. Hm!? That sword and shield…it’s quite ornate, who was that from again? Ron, do you know?”

“Master, that is a gift from Empress Juno! That’s truly shameful of you, to not recognize a present from the empress of your own country!”

“Oh, is that so? Astute of you, Ron. You remember so much. But with this many gifts…It means that everyone is celebrating Banica’s birth with me. Isn’t that wonderful?”

“…It’s fine for now, we’re having a celebratory banquet with only the people of this mansion tonight, but you must spend tomorrow introducing Banica to everyone. At that time the ones who gifted you these things will arrive as well. For that reason–”

“I know, I know. And it’s because I know that that I’m spending my time checking them all like this. Though I’d rather be by my adorable Banica’s side, always…”

“Lady Banica is with her mother and the other servants. You must carry out your duties as duke first, Master.”

“What a pain.”

“Once things have calmed down a little, you can spend as much time with young Lady Banica as you like. Be patient until then.”

Right as Muzuri was conversing with his servant Ron, more presents were being brought to the mansion.

“Master! Some new gifts have arrived! Aside from jewelry and equipment you have been given some livestock.”

“Livestock!? Go check that out for me, Ron. If there’s any rare animals there, we’ll make them into food for tonight’s celebration at once. It’s Banica’s birthday party. We must have something extravagant for dinner–nothing ordinary!”

Muzuri’s love of food was fairly well known among the lords. It is because they knew his disposition that there were people who gifted him livestock, which would take time to ship.

Having left for the foyer upon Muzuri’s orders, Ron finally returned with a strange look on his face.

“Master, they’ve just now moved all of the livestock into the barn, but…”

“Ho, any delicious looking animals there?”

“Well, it's…it seems that there are animals that we don’t know who sent them.”

“What?! That’s terrible. I’ll suffer such embarrassment if I don’t know who sent what when it comes time to say my 'thank-you’s!”

“I suppose it’s just because there’s been so much hassle…”

“Oh well. For now we’ll just figure out what kinds of livestock I’ve been sent, and then figure it out by watching people’s expressions when we talk about them.”

“Oh dear…And if there any livestock where we can’t figure out their breed, I suppose we could dodge the issue there…”

“What’s that? Is there some rare animal?”

“Yes…Or at least, I’ve never seen such a strange one like it before myself.”

Ron seemed to be quite put out, but on the contrary the moment that Muzuri heard the knowledgeable Ron say there was an animal he’d never seen before, his eyes began to brightly light up.

“That’s very interesting. Alright! Why don’t I go see this thing for myself?” he said, jumping up from the chair he was sitting in and running full tilt towards the barn, his fat body shaking.

“Good grief…I know he’s been in high spirits since the moment his daughter was born, but still…” Ron muttered with a dumbfounded expression on his face, watching Muzuri from behind as he left the room. “…No, when it comes to this it might be just his appetite; nothing to do with Banica at all.”

As always, when it came to food Muzuri would become unable to see anything else around him.

It was a sight that Ron had seen many times before.
