Having heard Muzuri’s instructions, the moment the head cook actually saw the Baemu that had been brought in, his eyes widened.

“I-is this the ‘Baemu’…?”

“Yes. I want you to use it as the main ingredient for dinner. Can you do it?”

The head cook got closer to the Baemu, went around it while poking its body, and then finally replied “Yes” after nodding once.

“Looks like it’s not much different from a regular Tasan pig, apart from its red hair, those horns, and the fact that it’s a little bit bigger. I think I can carry out the cooking itself with little issue. Only, we have no guarantee of its flavor–”

“Obviously it’s delicious! When all’s said and done it is the ‘legendary pig’, after all!“

"…Well, I guess for now I’ll give it my best. Would you like me to prepare it like a regular Tasan pig, only cooking the organs?”

“–No, try and see if you can’t do something with the meat as well. It might be different from other Tasan pigs in that regard.”

“Hmmm, I wonder…” The head cook brought his nose closer to the Baemu’s stomach and took a big sniff. “…I would advise that you don’t get your hopes up on that.”

“Anyway there isn’t a lot of time left until this evening. You need to set about at–“

”Squeeeeal!“

At that moment, the Baemu started to suddenly struggle, interrupting Muzuri’s words.

“Wha–!?”

The head cook was thrown back in bewilderment, falling to the floor on his rump.

As the cattle hand had securely fastened a rope around its neck, the Baemu was unable to run away from the head cook or Muzuri. But it ran about as it pleased on the spot, and one by one started to scatter the cooking utensils.

"You little…Take this!”

Muzuri drew a large sword that well-suited his own portly stature from the scabbard attached to his waist, and stabbed near its carotid artery.

“Squeeeeeeee!”

The Baemu gave out a death wail, and then lay down on the spot. It writhed even more for a moment as blood gushed from its neck–

And then finally it stopped moving completely.

“–Well done.”

After standing up, the head cook gave Muzuri a brief bit of applause.

“Hmph, I’m all covered in blood splatter. I’ll go wash off. –I trust you to make me a most delicious feast.”

And with those parting words, Muzuri left the kitchen.
