A short time later when the festivities were soon to begin, the head cook ran to Muzuri as he was sitting in the dining room waiting for dinner to be brought out.

“Master. There is something I need to talk to you about regarding this ‘Baemu’…” the head cook murmured close to Muzuri’s ears so that his wife Megour, who was sitting next to him, would not hear.

“What’s is it? Has there been some problem?”

“Yes…Would you come with me to the kitchen a moment?”

What Muzuri saw when he once again arrived in the kitchen at the behest of the cook was the Baemu, pelt peeled away, organs removed, and cut into pieces.

But what the head cook wanted to show Muzuri wasn’t the Baemu’s sorry state.

“Please look at this,” he said, presenting to Muzuri a clear wineglass that was faintly stained red. “This glass came from inside the Baemu’s stomach.”

“—You’re saying the pig swallowed a wineglass?”

“That’s right. Even that much would be unusual, but… even stranger is that this wineglass seems to be made of glass, yet despite having been inside a stomach no part of it looks to be cracked or melted.”

“Ho…I see.”

Muzuri lifted the proffered wineglass high.

They had likely washed all of the filth off of it with water beforehand. The glass was extremely clean, and of course it smelled of nothing whatsoever. Just as the head cook had said, it didn’t seem to be damaged at all.

It was a wineglass of simple make, with very little ornamentation.

But it was for that reason that Muzuri could tell it was made with superior craftsmanship.

It had a completely symmetrical, beautiful curve. Muzuri had never before seen a glass so uniform, without any deformities in sight.

“Or, maybe this pig really was a ‘messenger of the gods’.”

“…?”

“Head cook. What on earth are you saying is the problem with this?”

“Huh!? …Right. On first glance the glass seems completely unbroken, but we can’t rule out the possibility that shards so small as to be invisible to the eye are stuck somewhere in the stomach.“

“So, you’re saying to give up on eating it?”

"With regard to the stomach, at least. There’s a chance that it might injure your mouth, and if you were to swallow a shard into your body, sir…Worst-case scenario, it may be life threatening–”

“Isn’t it your job to make sure that doesn’t happen?”

“Naturally I intend to be extra careful while I cook. But that still leaves the slightest chance–”

“I don’t care. Even if eating this Baemu kills me, it will have been worth it.“

"…Master, your daughter has only just been born. Please take care of–”

“If I die, then someday when Banica has grown up you tell her that her father was a wonderful man who died seeking the height of food.”

“…Of course.”

The head cook quit trying to persuade him. Like his colleagues–no, more than them, rather–he knew well Muzuri’s stubbornness when it came to food.

“I will drink my aperitif with this wineglass tonight. Which wine are you serving?“

"Right. That would be the ‘Yatski L'Opera’.”

“…It’s a fact that our own Beelzenian Empire makes no good wine. That’s rather sad.”

“True. And we went through great pains to get this 'Yatski L'Opera’ here from Elphegort.”

Muzuri started to leave the kitchen with the wineglass in hand, but suddenly turned around and asked the head cook, “That’s right–have you tried eating the Baemu yet?”

“…Yes, I made the liver into a pâté and taste-tested it for safety.”

“–Then, how was it?”

“…Out of all the foods I have eaten up to this point–it tastes the best.”

“…Good. Continue cooking. I look forward to it.”

An anticipatory smile spreading on his face, Muzuri returned to the dining room.
