The “Baemu” that was brought out to the dining hall after several twists and turns was a much more appetizing ingredient for Muzuri than he had anticipated.

There were a lot of times when he had food made from rare ingredients that when he actually tasted them he would end up thinking, “So this is it?”. But in all likelihood when it came to this Baemu, even if it was brought out served like a normal pig and obscuring the nature of its ingredients, Muzuri would without a doubt give rave reviews about it.

Using the Baemu’s organs the head cook had prepared a five item dish. Spleen steamed in wine, marinated heart, grilled kidneys, sautéed stomach, and a cabbage roll stuffed with lung, heart, and liver.

“I was unable to do anything with the flesh after all, so I prepared this as I would an ordinary Tasan pig,” the head cook explained.

Muzuri had wanted to taste the Baemu in its entirety if he could, but if the specialist cook said as much then that probably meant the flesh really was unappetizing. As Muzuri only wanted to eat the most delicious of foods, he shrugged that off as unavoidable.

.

The first one to sample the various foods was, of course, Muzuri as the head of the household. Though, naturally they had all been taste-tested for poison beforehand.

Upon first tasting a mouthful of the wine-steamed spleen, Muzuri gave out a small groan. And then, without saying whether he thought it delicious or repulsive, he one-by-one wordlessly tasted the rest of the dishes.

His face was stone-serious. Muzuri continued to eat with a ghastly expression, and the head cook and Megour, who was at the table holding Banica in her arms, all watched him with anxious faces.

Before even five minutes had passed, Muzuri had consumed all of the dishes there.

At that point for the first time he seemed to come to his senses, lifted his head from the table, and said, “…I’m at a loss. It was so delicious I ended up eating all of it without even knowing it.”

In that moment, the head cook made a smile of relief. It seemed that his master had been pleased with his meal.

“I’ll have seconds, head cook. Keep it coming!”

“Of course, sir. …By the by, master, it’s a quite large pig we have. Even if we stored some of it, I would figure that it’s all together too much for one person to eat by themselves…”

“Got it. Today is Banica’s birthday celebration. You should treat the others to your heart’s content!”

The second they all heard Muzuri’s words, a small cheer and applause welled up from the servants.

They had already heard of the Baemu, and were all eager to try the obscure pig.

Various dishes were brought from the kitchen. The ones using the Baemu were, of course, luxurious foods that showed in their make the skill of the cooks.

They administered great care when processing the Baemu’s stomach, but the head cook told the servants as well that if they felt anything amiss in their mouth they were to spit it out immediately.

Another cheer rose up as the servants tasted the meal. They had had many opportunities to get the “leftovers” from their gourmand master like this, but even those of discriminating pallet were unable to hide their surprise at the delicious flavor of the Baemu.

The banquet became something pleasant and enjoyable and moving, the likes of which there hadn’t been before.

Seeing the joyous expressions on the servants’ faces, Muzuri again was filled with happiness, about as much as when he’d eaten the “Baemu” himself.

But he soon realized there was one person who stood outside of the merry air.

“Oh, Megour. You haven’t even eaten a single mouthful of our long awaited meal, have you? It’s very delicious, you must try it.”

But she apologetically shook her head at Muzuri’s urging.

“I’m sorry. I’d love to eat all this, but–I’m still not fully recovered yet. I can’t seem to work up the appetite.“

"Don’t say that, just try a bite. You’re not liable to get the opportunity to eat the ‘Baemu’ a second time. And if her mother doesn’t have nourishment, there won’t be any milk for Banica to drink.”

“Thank you for the thought…Well, okay, just one bite.”

So saying, Megour cut off a little bit of the cabbage roll with her knife, and then brought it to her mouth.

“…Well, it is really delicious.”

And when she did, a smile suddenly lit up her face.

Megour didn’t usually tend to eat that much, but she was a woman who had a considerable pickiness regarding the flavor of food, as befitting the daughter of nobles. Muzuri knew well that she was not at all the kind of person to tell little white lies nor flattery when it came to her impressions of food.

“That’s right, that’s right!”

In high spirits, Muzuri shifted his gaze next to Banica, who was on her lap.

“How about it, Banica. Will you eat some too? Hm?”

Then he tried to bring a piece of the marinated heart speared on his fork to Banica’s mouth, but Megour hurriedly stopped him.

“You shouldn’t be giving something like that to a newborn baby, barely able to open her eyes…”

Unlike her shy words of earlier, this time her tone carried a distinct note of refusal.

“Hmmph…Well, I suppose. I just thought maybe she could, seeing as how she was my daughter and all…”

“She’ll have plenty of opportunities to eat delicious foods when she’s older someday. Right now what she needs is not meat or vegetables, but my milk–isn’t that right, Banica?”

As Megour said that, Banica giggled as though in response.

“Ah, very well, very well.”

.

The fun party continued after Megour went to sleep with Banica in tow, and finally drew to a close around the very beginning of the next day.

For its beauty, the wineglass that had been in the Baemu’s stomach ended up being stored in a treasure vault in the mansion’s basement as part of Muzuri’s collection.

.

The sixth generational head of the Conchita family, Muzuri Conchita.

Perhaps, for him, this was the happiest time of his life.
