Their hopes came to be too quickly dashed the next day.

Someone else died.

The next victim was the cattle hand. Similar to the cook, he had died in the pig pen, blood pouring from his mouth.

The doctor loaded his and the head cook’s bodies into a carriage and left the mansion.

Two days had passed since the people in the mansion had eaten the Baemu, and because nothing had happened with their physical condition since then the odds of there being poison in the Baemu were slim. However, as there was a chance that it had carried some infectious disease, the doctor would inspect their corpses a bit more closely–hence why he took them away.

At first Muzuri tried in some respects to get everyone in the household to believe that, while they were frightened, these were chance occurrences.

They were accidents. They were undoubtedly just subsequent deaths by illness out of pure coincidence–

The one who died on the third day was a maid who took care of things around Megour.

–She was over 60 years old already. There was nothing suspicious about her suddenly vomiting up blood and then dying.

The one who died on the fourth day was a young gardener.

–He often drank alcohol. There was nothing strange about him dying prematurely.

.

When the doctor returned on the fifth day, the mansion had become still as death; it seemed everyone was trembling in fear.

Apparently a Netsuma woman who did the laundry had died that morning.

“…How are you feeling today, my duke?” the doctor timidly asked the head of the mansion, Muzuri.

“…I’m fine, nothing’s happened to me. But my servants are dying in succession. Day by day…One by one! These are not by chance! Look, do you know the cause!? If you do, tell me now—I’m going to go insane if this keeps up!” Muzuri yelled at the doctor, a pleading expression on his face.

“—I brought back with me the corpses of those two who died first, and I tried cutting open their abdomens to inspect their entrails inside. Ordinarily I wouldn’t do something like that, but as I couldn’t find anything wrong with them from what I could see from the outside…”

“Well then, what was it!?”

“Strangely, both of them had bizarrely swelled stomachs. So then I cut their stomachs open to look inside. When I did that…I found things like this in there,” the doctor said, showing Muzuri an object thickly wrapped in cloth.

“…What is this?”

At Muzuri’s pressing, the doctor unwrapped the cloth.

Revealed inside was a bloodstained piece of cutlery.

“What the…Something like that was inside their stomachs!?”

“It’s a kitchen knife. This was in the stomach for the first death–the head cook. Naturally, he died once he’d ingested such an item. As for the cattle hand’s stomach…I found it packed with a large quantity of undigested hay.”

“Hay…!?”

“Maybe he became convinced that he was cattle himself. Anyway, I haven’t yet pinned down the cause of all this. A disease where one eats impossible things…I have no knowledge of such an illness existing,” the doctor replied, covering his face with his hands.

It seemed he had completely given up.

“Their condition seems almost like they were possessed by something. Even if it was a result of disease, I have no way of curing it…I’m so sorry for being unable to assist in this matter.”

“Dammit! Then, what am I…What am I supposed to do now!?”

“This might…be little more than a temporary consolation, but…right now it seems a famous sorcerer has come to the town at the base of the mountain. If my medical knowledge is no good, then perhaps you could try consulting his experti–”

"A sorcerer!? You’re saying I could pull out of this somehow with such a suspicious ruffian as that?! You bastard, you’re just giving vague advice so you can get out of here because you can’t cure us!”

Muzuri was maddened with anger, and threw a candle that had been by his side at the doctor.

“I’ve had enough! You’re finished here! Leave at once!”

Then he stood from the chair he was sitting in, drew his sword, and pointed it at the doctor.

“E-eeeeek!”

The doctor panicked and fled.
