In the afternoon on the sixth day, a single man wearing a robe came to the mansion from the town of Gasto at the foot of the mountain, in answer to Muzuri’s request.

“My name is ‘AB-CIR’. It’s an honor to meet you, Duke Muzuri Conchita.”

A black robe, black hair, and a black glove he wore only on his right hand.

The black covered sorcerer bowed before Muzuri.

“’Ey-bee-see-aye-are’? That’s a very unusual name.”

“You think so? I myself have taken to it quite well lately. …Though if I get bored of it I may change it again.“

“It’s not your real name?”

“It isn’t. If a sorcerer’s name gets too well known they get too relied on too much, and it becomes a great deal of trouble. So in my case, I change my name periodically. Although well, there are some morons among sorcerers who continue to naively use the same name,” the sorcerer said, faintly smirking with a languid expression on his face.

“But I heard you were famous?”

“True. It seems lately this name as well has become quite renowned. …I suppose I’ll be changing it soon after all, hm?”

“I don’t care about that! My problem is the peculiar illness that’s been spreading in this mansion.“

"Ah yes, I heard the gist of all that before I made my way up here. That your servants are dying each day, one by one–after eating ‘impossible’ things.”

Muzuri nodded. “Yes. This morning another retainer died. Apparently just before they did, they vomited up the contents of their stomach–sewing scissors were strewn about nearby.

“Once they eat something like that, they’re beyond help.”

“I’m unbearably anxious. I keep thinking that if things keep up this way, everyone will die soon. Not just the servants…but my wife, and my newbown baby girl, and me…”

“Hmm…” As the sorcerer listened in to Muzuri’s words he looked around the mansion. “Mm, I see. I think I understand.”

“Really!?”

“Duke Conchita, have you obtained anything unusual lately?”

“Y-yes! That’s right, that’s it! These strange things have been happening ever since everyone ate that ‘Baemu’—”

“Baemu?”

The sorcerer’s eyebrows drew in slightly.

“It’s a precious Tasan pig that’s seldom caught. The deaths started occurring the day after we ate it in celebration of my daughter’s birthday–does that mean the pig is the cause after all!?”

“How odd…” The sorcerer rested his chin in his hands with a bemused expression, as though Muzuri’s response was not the one that he had been expecting. “Rather, I was thinking of something else…Like for example, a ‘red wineglass’ or—”

“–!? Wineglass…There was that too, as I recall! It was inside—the Baemu’s stomach.”

“That’s it!” The sorcerer snapped his fingers in approval of having hit the nail on the head. “Then, where is that wineglass now?”

"I estimated that it was a fairly valuable item too. I have it stored in a treasure room.”

“Duke Conchita. That wineglass is unmistakably the source of this incident. I recommend you relinquish it at once.“

In response to the sorcerer’s direction, Muzuri immediately ordered his chamberlain Ron, “Ron! Bring it out from the treasure vault!”

“Yes sir!” Ron dashed out of the room.

The sorcerer continued his explanation. “That pig that you say everyone ate—I fear that it was a ‘Demon Contractor’.”

“What…what is that!?“

“The wineglass was likely one of the ‘Vessels of Deadly Sin’—Those are believed to be implements in which demons reside. Those who make a contract with this demon are transformed into monsters who can command the dead, and consume all manner of items. Furthermore, people who drink the blood of those contractors lose their self-control, and like contractors end up eating anything and everything, and so on. However, unlike true contractors, because they have the bodies of ordinary humans their stomachs are unable to handle these 'evil foods’, and they die. –That is the situation.”

“In other words this the curse of a ‘demon’?”

“Well, not exactly, but it’ll be too much trouble to give you a more detailed explanation, so let’s leave it at that.” The sorcerer continued his speech while pacing around the room. “You have brought into your bodies the blood of that pig, which was a contractor. –Although well, I don’t know how a pig would make a contract with a demon. And so, everyone in this mansion is suffering from an illness peculiar to those who drink the blood of a contractor–yes, let’s call it the 'Gula Disease’.“

"Gula?”

“There is a legend passed down that tells of a village falling to ruin because of this disease about one hundred years ago. The name of that village was 'Gula’. It seems that back then as well, at first everyone died one by one each day, such as the people in your mansion. As the illness grew more severe, the pace became two a day, then three, until finally–”

At that moment, Ron returned, with the wineglass he’d taken from the treasure room.

“Oop, it seems the subject of conversation has arrived. Oh, so this is the wineglass in question–”

As the sorcerer murmured that to himself, a red cat suddenly jumped out from inside his robe, and leaped towards the chamberlain.

“Huh!?”

Giving a sidelong glance to the surprised servant, the red cat quickly snatched the wineglass from him with its mouth, and then leaped up to the sorcerer’s shoulders.

“I shall take this glass with me. Oh don’t worry, I’m dealing with a real burden taking this from you…”

The sorcerer gave a bold smile, and received the wineglass from the cat.

“Th—then will no more people die!?” Muzuri asked, voice filled with hope.

But the sorcerer regretfully shook his head, and replied “No, the Gula disease cannot be completely cured by removing the vessel from your possession. To the last this will do nothing more than prevent it from progressing any further. The way things are going now, people in the mansion will continue to die off one by one.“

"What!? Then you haven’t solved anything with that!”

“…According to the tale of the Gula Village I spoke of earlier, there actually was one person, just one person who used certain methods and managed to survive.”

“What…what methods were those!?”

“It was very simple. The man simply, determinedly, continued to eat so that his stomach remained full. He filled his stomach with ordinary food constantly in order to get rid of any room to put bizarre items in his stomach. He scoured the village for food, and then when that ran out he became a bandit and raided the larder of other villages–and by so doing the man survived for several years.”

“He…determinedly continued eating to fill his stomach?”

“Eventually, when ten years had passed, the man suddenly lost the impulse to consume strange items. I don’t know if your case is the same as his, but at any rate, if you are able to hold out for ten years, there is a chance this illness–no, perhaps it would be better to call it a 'curse’–this curse will lift.”

“Ten years…Is there no other way!?”

“There is not.” The sorcerer declared flatly. “None that I know of, at least. Well, I hear you are a huge gourmand, my duke. Perhaps in a way this is the best thing that could have happened to you, don’t you think?”

“Why you…!”

Muzuri drew his sword in anger just as he had with the doctor, but quickly regained his senses and once more sheathed it.

“No…I suppose I should be grateful just to know how to lift this curse. I’ve got it, above all else we need to keep eating for ten years, yes?”

“With your status, duke, it should be possible. Gather up all of the food within your lands. Use any means necessary–alright?”

Upon saying so, the sorcerer gave a suppressed smile. Perhaps due to his pretty features, his expression seemed to have a somewhat feminine allure.
