Since that day, they began a life of scraping together all the food in the larder and cattle pen and determinedly eating it.

Not just for Muzuri. His family and his servants were the same way.

Above all else they merely, persistently, ate so that they were never hungry.

The sorcerer’s words proved true. No one else inside the mansion died.

For Muzuri, meals were a joy. If he just needed to keep eating, then as that sorcerer had said, nothing could be more simple–

That’s what he’d thought at first.

The food in their storage quickly ran out. Muzuri levied heavy taxes against the people of his region, and continued to accumulate even more food.

To eat, drink, and by all means consume.

That was the only way that they could keep themselves from dying.

As the years passed, the taxes towards the commoners grew ever more severe. And as they did Duke Conchita’s reputation steadily sank.

Even so, they couldn’t afford to stop eating.

If they relaxed in their efforts to eat even a little bit, they would die–that compulsive idea had gradually driven Muzuri and his household mad.

The servants were left in a position that would seem to be blessed at first glance, not wanting for food, but for the people in question it was a struggle. It was a life without any spare time to enjoy the taste of food, continuing to eat like mere livestock, growing fatter-

There started to be servants who ran away, unable to bear it. There were those who swore off meals, no longer wanting to survive by causing suffering to the peasants. Such people were attacked by the curse of the “Gula Disease” without delay, and their bodies would be discovered the following day.

Their last moments would terrify the household members who caught sight of them, and they would all once more throw themselves into their meals.

Even among such an environment, Muzuri’s daughter Banica grew up rapidly.

When she turned six years old, she said something like this at dinner:

“I don’t need any more today. I’m not hungry anymore.”

Leaving her fork and knife on her plate, Banica turned to glower at her mother Megour sitting next to her.

Megour’s once gazelle-like slender figure had by this time become completely, hideously corpulent.

“…Eat. You mustn’t leave anything behind,“ Megour muttered to Banica with a curt tone.

“No. I don’t like carrots.”

Banica persistently shook her head in refusal.

“Eat!”

Megour grew enraged, grabbed the food in front of Banica with her hands, and then started to force it into her mouth.

“Stop, stoooop–!”

Seeing Banica burst into tears, Ron, who was nearby, hurriedly moved to stop Megour

"My Lady! Lady Banica didn’t eat the Baemu like the rest of us. There’s no need to force her to eat!”

Despite his efforts Megour continued to try to shove food into Banica’s mouth.

“Even though I’m suffering like this…! Why is this child…Why is she the only one…?!”

There was no longer any sanity left in her eyes.

Muzuri simply continued to eat his own meal, watching what was happening with his wife and daughter, utterly dumbstruck.
