Eventually, nine years and six months had passed since everyone in the mansion had eaten the “Baemu”.

It was just half a year more until the ten years the sorcerer spoke of.

They only continued to eat–that was all they did, and yet Muzuri could have never imagined just how hard that would be.

They were days full of suffering. But those would soon be over. Just a little more, and they would be freed from their cattle-like way of life. Their punishment by the demon would reach its end.

–So they believed.

Those nine years and a half, there were times when Muzuri was inexplicably spurred on by the impulse to engorge himself with rocks on the road, broken shards of mirror, and on top of all that candle flame.

Whenever he was, Muzuri would become more serious than usual, and stuff his mouth with meat and vegetables. Once he’d filled his stomach, he was released from the bizarre impulses.

Would his condition really be cured once the next six months were up? The sorcerer hadn’t shown himself in the mansion since that day. And he hadn’t been spotted in the town at the mountain base.

At any rate, they had no choice but to believe that the situation assailing the people of the mansion was the same as the legend of the village of Gula that he had told them about.

The number of servants had dwindled considerably. Hardly anyone died of the Gula disease anymore, but there were those who passed on from wrecking their stomachs thanks to simple overeating.

They had sacrificed a great deal. Muzuri himself had completely lost all popularity from the people he lorded over, and his region was in such unrest that it wouldn’t be unheard of for a rebellion to break out someday.

It was all because he had an illness that forced him to eat–but the common man’s feelings were not so simple as to be smoothed over by such an explanation as that.

Once he was cured, he would need to face atonement. Muzuri was prepared to lose his current status.

His wife Megour had become completely insane. Gone was her once kind visage. The brunt of Megour’s ire, aggressive as she was, was chiefly directed at her daughter, Banica.

Banica had grown into a miserable child, far beyond meek. It felt like lately all he had seen of her was the sight of her quietly eating dinner in fear of her mother.

But the both of them were alive. Even just that was enough for Muzuri. Even if he lost everything, he was fine as long as he had his family by his side. If they could find some quiet place to live, he was sure that Megour would return to her old self.

It was just a little bit longer. Once half a year had passed, it would be over.

–Muzuri’s sole concern was that recently there had been a great deal more cold weather than usual in his region–or even in all of the territory of Beelzenia. They would soon reach harvest season, but he had been receiving reports that the crops hadn’t grown like he thought they would.

Even if there was a famine, he was in the territory of Beelzenia; they must have some emergency stores of food, and so as long as nothing too serious happened they wouldn’t come to too much harm.

But the Conchita territory was able to do no such thing. The food that he wrung yearly from the citizens was always immediately eaten afterwards, and so at present there was almost nothing that they had managed to reserve.
