Muzuri’s misgivings became reality in a crueler manner than he had imagined.

All of the crops perished in the cold weather, and furthermore thanks to the spread of plague the livestock had suffered as well.

It was the arrival of a great famine.

At two months left until the ten years the sorcerer had predicted, they had become unable to maintain the large quantities of food that they so desperately needed.

Muzuri sought help from the imperial capital and the other regional lords, but as they were also putting all their efforts into making sure their people didn’t starve they couldn’t spare anything for the Conchita territory. All of his appeals were refused.

“I need to…need to find some food…”

The mansion’s servants had begun to madly seek out something they could eat. If they didn’t fill their stomachs, then there was a chance that the curse of the “Baemu” would descend upon them.

“Even though I’ve survived this far…will I have to endure dying at the last moment…!?”

Everyone was on the brink of death. Or rather, the only people left in the mansion now were those who clung that desperately to life.

Among them there began to be those who had tried to steal food by breaking into the homes of commoners. But the famine had arrived while they were already impoverished from heavy taxes. There were no citizens with enough food stockpiled to satisfy their hunger.

In any case, it had gotten to where they would eat anything, as long as it was edible. Things that were normally too smelly or too tough, things that they couldn’t normally stand–they’d eaten the meat part of the Tasan pig without reservation, and if they found any bugs or frogs near the mansion’s grounds, they would all scramble for them at once no matter how creepy they were.

Even so, there wasn’t enough food. Having continued to eat in such large quantities their stomachs had grown bigger than a normal person’s, and so they weren’t things that they could fill so easily.

Finally, the “Gula Disease” began to manifest in the mansion’s servants. Every day, one by one, they would devour things like rocks and scissors, then die. They no longer had any way to stop it.

When they had reached half a month left until the foretold-of time, things had gotten to a state where the fat corpses of the servants were strewn about the mansion.

“This…might be as far as we get.”

Muzuri sat alone in his chair in his audience room, gazing at the terrible spectacle inside his mansion.

Death from the Gula disease had a limit of one person a day. They had about ten days left until cutoff, but there were only fourteen people left in the mansion. Excluding Banica that was thirteen, which meant that if things went well, three people would be able to survive.

However, they had no guarantee that the Gula disease would be cured right when the time was up to begin with, and he didn’t know if his wife and himself would be among those surviving. Muzuri hadn’t eaten hardly anything in several days.

“You…must be hungry, my little Banica, hm?”

Megour entered the room, Banica with her. Perhaps due to her hunger, or else out of the disorder of her mind, she was continually wandering the rooms with a staggering gait.

Banica was the truly pitiable one. She had already come to understand that the people in the mansion were afflicted with a bizarre disease. For that reason, she had stopped taking meals herself much earlier so that her parents and the servants could have even a little bit more food. And yet she hadn’t voiced one word of complaint about how hungry she was.

When Banica was born–no, since she was still yet in her mother’s womb–Muzuri had prayed for his child’s happiness, and prepared himself to do anything for that.

–How could that have turned out this way?

“I’ll die if I don’t eat, so….is there really nothing I can eat?”

Megour walked around the room once more, muttering to herself.

Before she’d become like this, she’d been a wise woman. She was the daughter of the prime minister of Elphegort, and Muzuri had fallen for her the moment he laid eyes on her, yearning for her hand in marriage. There was no basis for diplomatic relations between the Empire of Beelzenia and Elphegort, and there had been no small number of obstacles to the marriage, but in the end they were able to manage to tie the knot.

His love for her hadn’t changed even now.

Because of that, he hadn’t wanted to see her like this–but the one who’d created the reason for Megour’s current state was none other than Muzuri himself.

Megour had initially refused to eat the “Baemu” at the celebration dinner when Banica was born. Muzuri had cajoled her into eating it.

“Oh…?”

Megour suddenly stopped, her eyes falling on the corpse of one of their retainers lying on the ground.

She continued to gaze at the corpse with an expression akin to amazement.

Looking at her eyes, Muzuri was seized by an inexpressible anxiety.

Megour’s gaze, fixed on a corpulent body.

It was almost like–

.

“Oh my…There’s still something to eat, isn’t there?”

.

That was it.

Megour was looking at the corpse with eyes alight as though it was a whole roast pig.

But…we can’t. That’s the one thing we can’t do, Megour.

To eat a human being—

That would be the work of a beast or demon.

“Head cook! Is there no head cook around!?”

Megour called loudly outside the room, but there was no reply.

“Honestly…Nothing to be done about it, I’ll do it myself.”

Still as unsteady as ever, she walked up to Muzuri and casually held out her hand.

“Dear. Lend me your sword. I need cutlery.”

Of course, Muzuri could not answer her request.

“…No. I can’t do that.”

“Just hand me your sword already.”

“Megour, no matter how empty your stomach is right now, what you’re about to do is–”

“GIVE! IT! TO! ME!”

Megour attacked Muzuri.

With a bloodcurdling expression on her face she tried to pull his sword from its scabbard.

“Stop! Stop at once!”

Muzuri desperately struggled, but as he hadn’t been eating well he had no strength. That should have been the same for Megour, but it seemed that for some reason her arms had more power in them than usual.

Banica was silently trembling in the corner of the room, watching her parents struggling with each other.

.

–Oh, dear Megour.

You’ve already gone completely mad.

No, not just you.

It was all of us, that day.

The day we ate the “messenger of demons”.

We were taken over by it.

We went insane.

All of us…

We shouldn’t have tried to survive if it meant becoming so ugly inside–

.

The sword was pulled from its scabbard.

But the person gripping its hilt was not Megour.

It was its owner, Muzuri himself.

.

Then, he brought the sword down on his beloved wife before him.

–The Conchita family was said to have been appointed to the position of Dukedom thanks to being descended from the Beelzenian imperial family.

Apparently Duke Muzuri Conchita, its sixth family head, safely managed to escape from the curse of the “Baemu” after that.

Outside of him only two people in the mansion survived. His daughter Banica, who hadn’t eaten the “Baemu” in the first place, and the sole remaining member of his servants, Ron, made it out without dying.

After the great famine, Duke Conchita was deprived of his position as lord, and for a time the Conchita territory was put under the direct control of the Beelzenian imperial family.

The territory would return to the hands of the Conchita family fifteen years later. It is said to have been after Duke Conchita died, and his daughter Banica was selected as the new family head.

.

…Anyway, it seems your next course has arrived.

As you sample your dish, shall I now tell you a tale of Banica all grown up–and of her love?
