♦ Allen ~ Lucifenia Kingdom’s “Millenial Square” ~

Below me, there are a lot of people criticizing me.

Those condemning in front of me, no, to Riliane. Those eyes that are full of hate, showed their undisguised hostility.

Ah, Riliane, with all the enemies around, you really are alone.

But do not worry, for I will protect you. Even if this country no longer belongs to you.

So just be there smiling and laughing.

I looked up and saw the blue sky being covered by a guillotine blade. I was then lying down; my head and arms are now fixed on the scaffold.

“Immediately, after the bell of Levin Cathedral sounds three times, it is execution time”

The executioner said. With this guillotine, I will be executed.

With a huge blade dropping on my neck…

I don’t want it.

I don’t want to die.

Why? Why do I have to die? I don’t want to. It’s terrible to die. I don’t want to die. I do not, do not, do not.

If I had escaped with Riliane… No, no, no. If I didn’t act as bait, and we both escaped, we would eventually get caught.

It would have been nice we could run away. Together with Germaine would also be nice. No, I must not.

I don’t want Germaine to be dragged into this. She… Is my sister. So… I could only say that at that time.

Why am I here? I’m only fourteen. Why, why does everyone want to condemn me? Don’t tease me. I hate it! I don’t want to die…

………Lu Li La…………Lu Li La………

I heard someone singing from nowhere. I strained my ears, yet I could only hear the noise of the rabble. So it was just a hallucination after all.

Not just a hallucinations but illusions as well.

Riliane looks elegant sitting next to me. Illusions of her smiling and gently holding my hand.

…… Ahh, very warm hands. I am very, very at ease…

The illusions of Riliane look smaller now. Ahh, this is when we were children. We slipped out of the palace and went to the sea side.

“Riliane, let’s go, we must go back now, it’s already dark”

I still remember the scene where I begged Riliane.

As a child, I was afraid of the night because I was scared of the dark.

“I doesn’t matter. Don’t be afraid and just hold my hand”
