---Final Chapter---

♣ Keel ~ Marlon Country “Freesis Mansion” ~

A calm morning. I was drinking Darjeeling Black Tea while browsing today’s news paper.
My cute and lovely daughter was desperately writing something on paper. I asked her: “What are you writing?” She replied: “ I’m writing stories
about snakes and frogs!”

Recently, I have always lived a chaotic life. After house from Elphegort burned down, and was imprisoned in Lucifenia, liberation from just
another revolution. I returned to my motherland, Marlon and had been dealing with small affairs so I have little time to leisurely drink black tea.

I received four letters.
One was sent by my friend, Kyle Marlon. He temporarily handed over his administration to his mother, Queen Dowager Prim Marlon, and has
settled in Lucifenia. I am afraid the situation and struggle in Lucifenia is hard.

This time, it wasn’t a small loss. Although I feel sorry for Kyle, but I lost more money in some form from Marlon’s domestic gain.(?) the result
would have a maximum profit, for Marlon’s state and Lucifenia’s territory.(?)

Kyle also wrote:

“The Witch Hunting Order…”

Ruling out the unstable factors, I think this command was handed out by Kyle out of personal revenge.

The so-called Royal Families and individual countries have no difference. Because of their own feelings and desire that the whole country got
involved into the whirl pool.

Well, however, we businessmen are also like them. I laughed at myself. Sitting next to me was my daughter who was looking at me weirdly.

The second letter was from Elluka Clockworker. I have to thank her. I escaped my Elphegort home with almost nothing. Just when I have lost
hope, she took all of my property and it all appeared right in front of me.

Exactly how she got my property from my burned house… I do not know. However, as a gift of gratitude, I helped her and her apprentice hide
for some time and she wanted something from my collection.

What Elluka wanted was a samurai sword. Gast Venom also wanted that sword. I do not know why they would want something of no value.
Could that sword have value I do not know of?

Her apprentice… Gumillia saved my maid… Michaela.

I had a feeling about her… not being an ordinary person.

I do not know what “that” is. I have seen Gumillia’s miracles and they are things far beyond what I can understand.

But if Gumillia is Michaela’s “partner”. Then I will hand her over.

All I can do is pray for the soul of Michaela.

Elluka and Gumillia began their journey to head east and while also visiting my maid, Clarise.

The third letter was from Clarise. She is now working in a small port city not far from Lucifenia’s Monastery. That monastery was originally
funded by me, so I asked her to go there.
