In the northern region of Holy Levianta, in a place that is not that far removed from the capital Alicegrad, there sits a temple that has become a ruin.

This place is called the Temple of LeviaBehemo, and it was once sacred ground for the old Magic Kingdom.

Here in this ruin that is now only visited by deeply devout Levin adherents and tourists, Loki’s girlfriend Mira Yarera was waiting for someone.

Eventually a single car stopped before the temple. When she saw the man who climbed out of the backseat, Mira’s expression lit up with shock.

“It’s true…you really are alive—Thank goodness!”

She sprinted over to him and pulled him into a hug.

But the man’s expression did not change, instead looking around them carefully.

“Looks like there’s no one else around.”

“—Yeah. Like I promised, I came here alone and didn’t tell anyone where I was going. There aren’t any pilgrims or tourists around here right now either.”

Strictly speaking I was there too, but neither of them were liable to notice a small bat stopped on one of the fallen pillars, and even if they did see me they wouldn’t think much of it.

.

Once she had released the man—Gallerian—Mira dropped her face down.

“I’m sorry. I—I couldn’t stop Loki’s rampage.”

“…So you did know about it.”

“Two days before you two went hunting, the night that Loki invited you to come along. That was when he revealed his ‘plan’ to me. He said cheerfully, not seeing that there was anything wrong with what he was doing in the slightest—He was so frightening. It was like he wasn’t even human.”

Mira’s shoulders were faintly trembling as she spoke.

“Let’s…sit and talk for now.”

There was a brand new bench juxtaposed next to a dried up fountain before the temple. It must have been made for visiting tourists to rest at.

The two of them sat together on the bench.

“—So did Loki hate me from the start?”

“It wasn’t so much you…he was more irritated with his current condition. Before that point he had never known what having setbacks was like. Even with his grades at school, he had never lost to anyone outside of you, and the gap between you two wasn’t all that large. –But after joining the Dark Star Bureau, he didn’t make as much progress as he thought he would. I’m positive he directed the brunt of his frustration and anger at you, given that the gap between you two was steadily widening.”

“…Do you still love him, even now?”

“I don’t know. Even outside of what’s going on now, I’d already started thinking there was something wrong with him. I first started feeling that way—when I learned the truth of his ‘hunting’ hobby.”

As to what the truth of his “hunting” hobby was, Mira next elaborated on that.

“These ‘hunts’ that Loki—that the Freezis family carry out. It’s not just deer and rabbits that they target. Every now and then, they pick a different kind of prey…Humans. They release slaves into the forest and then pursue them with rifles in hand, shooting to kill. He had been experiencing this since he was a child, and apparently enjoyed it as though it was normal. So I think that’s why he had no reluctance towards shooting you too. ‘If they’re not a Freezis, they’re not human’—That’s his motto.”

“…”

“You probably think I should break up with him, right? But I can’t just break it off with him so simply. I can’t deny that I did love Loki. To me he had been a very kind and good man.”

“…Even now I too think that he’s a good person. Even so—his heart is warped. Now that I know that, I can’t just let that slide.”

“Yeah…You’re right.” Mira nodded several times, as though to convince herself. “If you’re going to take Loki to court, then I’ll help you. It’ll be painful to make him take the defendant’s seat in court, but…Even I’m a judge. I was going to have to do it someday.”

“…I’m sorry for causing you any pain, Mira.”

Gallerian gently put his hand on Mira’s trembling shoulder.

“—Thank you. You really are kind, Gallerian.”

“…Ha ha.”

“…? What is it?”

“Nothing…I just think this is the first time you’ve called me ‘Gallerian’ instead of ‘Galley’.”

“Now that you mention it, this is the first time that you’ve called me ‘Mira’ without any honorifics.”
“Is it?”

“It is, ha ha.”

Mira finally broke into a smile.

“—Well then, is there anything I can do? I know that you won’t be able to get anywhere by suing Loki for his crimes normally. He’s a son of the Freezis family, after all.”

“Right…About that—” Gallerian paused, and then asked Mira, “—There is your brother. Can you introduce me to ‘Gusuma Yarera’?”
