What became the point of issue in the trial was the credibility of the evidence towards Loki having murdered a large number of slaves in the United States of Maistia under the guise of “human hunting”, and him having attempted to kill Gallerian Marlon with a gun in the “barren snow field”.

At the public hearings a battle of heated arguments unfolded between the masterful defense lawyer that the Freezis Conglomerate had hired and the prosecution, with Loki’s outrageous jeers echoing through the courtroom anytime Gallerian and Bruno took the witness stand. Well, there were several fairly interesting events that occurred therein, but I’ll unfortunately have to leave those out.

In the end, the contents of the trial itself weren’t all that important.

Just as Bruno had said, the only issue was what judgment Hanma would bring down.

.

And then, the decisive day.

Sitting in the defendant’s seat in that great courtroom was Loki, having grown much thinner than he had been before his capture.

His cheeks were sunken, and there were shadows under his eyes. Despite the fact that he was far too young for it, there were bits of white starting to show here and there in his hair.

However, he did not look to have completely given up hope. Before the verdict, Loki’s expression even looked to be smiling.

There were many people in the visitor’s gallery, and among them I could see Gallerian, Mira, Bruno, Hel, and Gusuma Yarera.

Gallerian leaned in to whisper to Hel, appearing nervous upon seeing Loki.

“—Do we really have nothing to worry about?”

Hel replied back to him quietly, “Hanma is certain to declare him guilty. The Freezis Conglomerate may have sent him a sizable bribe, but when it comes to total amounts, ours has to be higher.”

“I hope so…”

But Gusuma, sitting beside them and listening to the two speak, made an uncomfortable expression and interjected to Gallerian, “About that—I’ve received some slightly troubling information.”

“…? What is it?”

“Late last night, several large railroad cars belonging to the Freezis Foundation were seen entering the courtyard of Hanma Baldured’s estate. Packed inside each of these railroad cars was, I fear, a sizable amount of money and goods.”

“What!?”

“They increased the amount of their bribe at the last moment. So we don’t know which way Hanma will go with that in hand—”

“It can’t be…”

The gavel that the head judge Hanma held pounded against the platform.

“Silence. I will declare my verdict.”

As Gallerian and the others in the visitor’s gallery watched on with anxious expressions, Hanma took the paper with his verdict in hand.

Though it seemed at first he would immediately begin to read it aloud, instead Hanma glanced up for a moment.

Then he looked right at Gallerian—and gave a thin smile.

“…!?”

Hanma’s expression grew serious again, and he once more passed his eyes over his paper.

“My verdict. Defendant Loki Freezis—”

The courtroom was utterly still save for Hanma’s voice.

I thought I could hear the sound of someone gulping.

.

“—is sentenced to thirty years imprisonment with hard labor.”

.

There was cheering.

And wails of despair.

Amid all the uproar, Gallerian asked Bruno, “Did—we win?”

“…We did. With this Loki’s evil deeds—or rather that of the whole Freezis family–have been verified. They will no longer be able to do whatever they please. And this will surely jump-start actions to release the slaves in Maistia.”

“I see…Then I’m glad, Bruno.”

“Well, Hanma not giving him the death penalty was probably a compromise to save his own skin—at any rate, thank you, Gallerian. This is all because of you.”

Bruno firmly shook Gallerian’s hand.

“—You don’t need to thank me. I originally started all this for my own sake.”

“That’s right. Your revenge on Loki is now complete.”

“Revenge, huh.”

“…You don’t seem that pleased about this.”

“He—Loki was a bad person, but he was still a precious friend to me once.”

Hanma pounded his gavel several times and called for order, but as the commotion wouldn’t cease no matter how much time he gave it, eventually he ignored it and began to continue on into the reasons for his verdict.

Midway through, Gallerian shook hands with Gusuma as well.

“Thank you, Gusuma. Without your help we would never have won this.”

“I was a little uneasy there. But it all turned out alright. –This looks like the beginning of a long partnership, so I look forward to working with you,” Gusuma said, glancing back at his little sister Mira who had covered her face and started crying.

“Y-yeah…”

“And—” Gusuma murmured to him, “Don’t forget about the matter of my adoptive younger brother…Jorm’s release.”

“…Of course,” Gallerian replied, his face growing slightly clouded.

.

The stupefied Loki was dragged out of the courtroom by security guards.

He was then taken to the penitentiary and imprisoned.
