Several days later.

Mira visited the penitentiary to see Loki.

“Hey…You came to see me, Mira,” he greeted her, his emaciated face peering out from behind iron bars.

“Loki…have you been eating properly?”

“Honestly, I can’t stand this prison food. I miss the meals that you made for me.”

“…”

“What a mess this has turned into—That damned bastard, Gallerian…I had always thought we were friends, but…No way I’m forgiving this awful betrayal. Once I get out of here I’ll crush him with the full might of the Freezis Conglomerate!”

“…”

“You can relax, Mira. They might have said I was doing thirty years hard labor or whatever, but they’ll grant me a pardon right away. As if I could endure thirty years in this dump! The commander, Papa, will surely—”
“Loki—” Mira began, her eyes welling with tears, “—Commander Freezis has announced that he has disowned you. …You’re no longer a Freezis.”

“…That can’t…Papa…Why!?”

“He wants to make it look like the ‘human hunting’ is a violent crime that you did all on your own.”

“What a load of bull! Papa and my older brothers were the ones who taught me to hunt! …Son of a bitch…son of a bitch…” Loki barely managed to keep himself from crumbling, gripping the bars with both hands. “…Mira. You’ll stay by my side, won’t you!? You—you alone are my one ally—”

“…”

Mira wordlessly started to cry.

“Mira? Answer me—Hm? You look like you’ve gained weight somehow…Your belly is bigger.”

“…I’m pregnant.”

“Huh!? Then it’s my—wait, no. It can’t be. The figures don’t add up—"

Loki’s face grew steadily paler.

“…It’s Gallerian’s child.”
“Ah…aaahh…”

“We’re planned to be married next month…I don’t think I’ll be coming to see you like this again. …I’m sorry, Loki…Farewell.”

Mira turned around and left the room.

–Immediately afterwards, Loki’s maddened scream echoed through the prison.

.

Around the same time, inside the prison, in the hallway of a different building.

“—I feel like I heard someone screaming just now,” Feng Li, the human in the form of a tiger, said as he turned around.

“Did you? I didn’t hear anything,” Ma replied.

“I didn’t catch anything either. Well, this place is a prison. It wouldn’t be all that unusual for someone to be screaming in here,” said Gusuma, standing off to the side.

“Hmph, I suppose so…Well, whatever, let’s keep going.”

The three of them were going to visit the cell where death-row prisoner Jorm Zusco was being held.

“Hey…Our permission to release Jorm isn’t going to come down for another week. There’s no need for us to visit him today, is there?”

Gusuma replied to Ma’s words with a furrowed brow, “I wanted to see how he was before then, at least once—That aside.” He looked down at Feng walking in front of him, breaking into a grin. “I heard about you earlier, but a tiger that can speak like a person? You’re quite fascinating.”
“I am not a ‘tiger who can speak like a person’. I am a human in the shape of a tiger. I’d appreciate it if we were clear on that point, vice-president sir.”

“I see, sorry. But that doesn’t change the fact that you are deeply interesting. You deserve better than to be the Freezis Conglomerate’s pet.”

“…I no longer work for the Freezises. Bruno, Shiro, and Hel have all quit working for them. I decided to follow suit.”

“Oh, that’s just perfect. Then how about you work at my company? We have a new zoo opening next m—”

“No way. How many times do I have to say it? I am not a tiger. I am human.”

“…Then how does the security division sound? You seem like you’d do much better work than hiring on ten robust military men.”

“—I’ll think about it.”

Then Ma asked Feng, “Have you asked the others what they plan to do now?”

“…I heard that Shiro was going to enlist in the USE combined army. She was originally a mercenary, after all. I wouldn’t think she’ll have much trouble with that. Hel is going to work as a clerk in the Dark Star Bureau. Apparently she made good with them while delivering the bribes to Hanma. As for Bruno and Postman—dunno.”

“I see—”

“What are you inclined to do, Ma?”

“I—Ah, here we are. This is Jorm’s cell.”

The three of them stopped before an iron door that looked heavier than all the others.

“—There’s an observation window in the door. I guess we can look in from here.”

Ma opened the door to the observation window.

–Inside the cell was a single short man. His messy hair grew out haphazardly on his head, and he had gaps in his teeth.

“Young laaady. Let’s play real nicely todaaay.”

He was calling out to someone, childlike and innocent. Not to Ma. Jorm was talking to a cloth doll that he was holding in his hand.

Upon closer inspection, the corner of the cell was filled with several similar looking dolls.

“…And these are?” Ma asked Gusuma.

“It seems that if they don’t leave him some dolls modeled after young women like that, then he goes berserk and starts trying to escape the cell. –They have no real choice, so they tell me.”

“So he’s a special case. Though I think it would be better to ignore the whims of a death row inmate. There’s no possible way he could break down a heavy-looking door like this.” Ma lightly knocked on the iron door.

“About that…There was actually one time where he broke down the door and escaped.”

“You can’t be serious—”

“HYAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAAAAHAHAHAHA!”

A deranged scream suddenly resounded.

It had come from Jorm inside the cell.

“HORARORAHAA!”

At some point the doll he’d been holding had been cut to pieces.

It wasn’t torn in the way that one does with their hands. The doll’s arms and legs and head had been severed cleanly, as though with a blade.

Naturally, Jorm had no weapons on his person.

“BAMORABARABABA—Hn?”

Jorm suddenly turned to the observation window—to Ma.

“…A woman! A real woman!”

Jorm stuck out his tongue and sprinted at the door.

“GIMME! Your hands! Your legs! Your eyes! YOUR XXXX!”

He slammed his head against the door several times and flapped both of his arms noisily.

“…!?”
Ma immediately took several steps back in alarm.

On her kimono…the left arm had been cleanly sliced open.

Blood oozed from her exposed skin.

“Are you alright, Ma!?”

Ma nodded several times to Feng’s cry, her expression strained.

“It’s just a scratch—I can scarcely believe this man. He cut my arm through the door.”

“…Is it some kind of magic?”

“Who knows. I can’t say for sure, but—At the very least, he’s dangerous. He is definitely not someone we should be letting outside.”

Ma turned to Gusuma.

When she did his shoulders slumped, and he shook his head in a defeated manner. “I guess he’s hopeless after all…I’d hoped he had been rehabilitated, at least somewhat.”

“Impossible. He is an ‘HER’—a hereditary evil raiser. Someone of a particularly wicked disposition. He will never be decent his entire life.”

“I don’t really get the meaning of that word—But I do understand…We shouldn’t release him after all. Jorm shall have to remain as he is.”

“…And what will the president do? Will she allow this?”

“Actually, my coming here today was at her orders. Even she knew in her heart that Jorm was a lost cause. She told me to check him one last time, and if there was no fixing him—then at least we could spare his life.”

“If you ask my opinion, I would think it’s better to put him down instantly and painlessly, myself.”

“—He’s like her son. Try to understand…the way a mother would feel.”

“… I understand. Well then, releasing him is out. Instead we’ll have his execution permanently suspended. We’ll have to run that by her, but would that suffice?” Gusuma silently nodded at Ma’s proposal. “Excellent. Then if that’s decided, let’s head back quickly. I wouldn’t be able to bear my kimono getting sliced any further.”

Ma turned on her heel and started to walk towards the entrance.

“SORUBOBOJAJA!”

Jorm continued to scream a string of gibberish at the door.

Feng gazed at the sight of him, staying in place.

“What’s wrong, Feng? Let’s go.”

“…Ma. This man—could he be a victim of the ‘bizarre events of the world’ like me?”

“—Maybe so. The odds of someone becoming an ‘HER’ like this are…exceedingly low. Moreover, it’s something that you have to be from birth, so you wouldn’t turn into it later in life in the first place. And by what they’ve told me Jorm was fairly upright as a child.”

“I see…”

Feng still seemed to be thinking further, but eventually he turned to the side and started to walk up to Ma.
“—Let’s go home.”
