Having lost both his social standing and his girlfriend, Loki was despairing alone in his cell.

It seemed that the only thing left in his heart was a desire for revenge against Gallerian.

“Gallerian…I won’t forgive this…I’ll kill you…next time…I know I will…” he continued to mumble to himself, over and over again.

–Knock knock.

Someone had knocked on his cell door.

“–!?”

The door was casually opened by someone without waiting for Loki’s reply.

“…You’re not one of the prison staff. That red uniform…you’re a postman…No, someone like that wouldn’t be coming here…Who are you?”

Ignoring Loki’s question, Postman curtly took out a small parcel.

“What is that?”

“…”

“Don’t feel like answering, huh?–I understand!”

Loki’s face suddenly lit up.

“It’s Papa isn’t it!? Papa sent you here to rescue me, didn’t he!?”

“…”
“…Alright, well, give it here!”

Loki snatched the small parcel from Postman.

As he was trying to see the contents, Postman tapped on his shoulder.

“You still need something? …Hm? Documents? …You want me to sign here? I don’t have a pen on me.”

Postman took out a pen and handed it to Loki.

“Alright…Signed it. Are you done?”

After nodding, Postman reclaimed the pen from Loki and then left out of the door that they had come from.

And then, after closing the door once more, disappeared somewhere.

“…How did they sneak in here like that–? Wha, that bastard!? They fucking re-locked the door on their way out! I could have gotten out if they’d left it as is! …Well, whatever! Right now, the package!”

Sitting down on the spot, Loki began to violently tear at the paper that was wrapped around the package.

–Inside was a small hand-gun.

“Woah!? A gun! This must mean he wants me to escape using this—But…I obviously can’t escape with just a little pistol…And looking more closely it only has one bullet loaded into it…”

Loki had appeared puzzled, but then he started to laugh raspily, as though having finally realized something.

“Ha ha ha…I see…so that’s it…Papa’s saying…I should use this gun…to die, huh? That if living means being in disgrace I should kill myself like a man…”

Loki looked out at the sky from his barred window, holding the gun in hand.

“…The full moon is so pretty…Dying on a night like this…might not be so bad.”

Then he put the muzzle of the gun on his temple.

His finger trembled as he put it on the trigger.

Ten seconds…thirty seconds…and then, a whole minute of confliction.

Loki steadied his resolve, then took the gun—

And threw it as hard as he could to the ground.

“—What utter bullshit! I…Loki Freezis, will not die in a place like this! I will get out of here and get revenge on Gallerian…Yes, I will…”

He scooped up the gun he had just thrown.

“Just one bullet—that’s enough. With this I can take one of the patrolling guards as a hostage…I’m positive I can do it…”

Then he approached the window and bellowed:

“Just you watch, moon! You are my witness to tonight! Make sure you get a good look at my gallant figure as I—"

.

–Thwack.

.

A small, dry noise echoed through the cell.

And.
With no time to notice that the sound was the opening of a hole in his forehead—

Loki’s consciousness fell into a deep darkness.

.

Outside of the prison.

On top of a small hill.

A white-haired girl lay there, wielding a sniper rifle.

Gunpowder smoke wafted from the gun.

“…If you’d taken your own life, that would have been fine too. –But you didn’t even have the courage for that it seems, Loki.”

And Shiro Netsuma slowly stood up, quietly lowered her gaze, and murmured:

“Your revenge–is complete, Bruno.“

.

–Loki Freezis’ death was ruled as a suicide.

Upon hearing that news, Gallerian placed the open book he’d been holding on his face–

It was slight. Only slightly.

…His shoulders trembled.
