A sky without a single cloud. A calm morning.

The milk she was drinking at home on a day like this was also exceptional.

As a high ranking noble living in the Republic of Lucifenia, Julia Abelard’s mornings tended to be early.

Soon after waking up she would check her plans for the day while sipping milk, as she was doing now. After gazing over the notepad where she’d written in her tightly packed schedule from top to bottom, she began to skim the newspapers from many countries, which were periodically brought to her.

Her own country’s Saintes Fauraux Newspaper of course, Elphegort’s Schuburg Newspaper, and those of other nations—keeping abreast of the state of things in foreign countries was also one of her responsibilities as one who carried the burden of being a central figure in the Lucifenian Republic.

Someone knocked on the door. Seems she had a visitor, despite wanting to spend her morning leisurely.

When Julia responded with a “Come in,” the one who opened the door and entered was a young man with long, violet hair. “Oh my, what’s this? If it isn’t Lieutenant General Gatt Coulomb.”

She smiled pleasantly and invited him in.

“You’ve finished dealing with things in Elphegort, have you?” Julia asked, and Gatt nodded.

“…Regarding Calgaround’s mayor, I made yet another dodge there. I expect the events there hereon shall not be a matter of much discussion.”

“I guess so. No matter which newspaper I check I see no articles showing up about the mayor of Calgaround going missing. Thanks for that. Talk of someone with the exact same name as myself disappearing is a bit unnerving, you see,” Julia said while setting the cup she’d been carrying on the table. “—Well, how went the doll’s retrieval?”

When she asked that, Gatt’s beautiful face faintly twisted.

“It…has unfortunately come to naught. After I wounded Elluka I went to her very location with intent to retrieve her—But she had already vanished.”

“…Well, that’s alright. I’m sure it’ll turn up.”

“And also…”

“What?”

“It does seem I have failed on my part to slay Elluka Clockworker as well. She was later witnessed in Toragay alongside her apprentice.”

“I see, thank goodness for that…Particularly for you.”

In the flash of an instant Julia had stood and suddenly brought her face up to Gatt.

Her eyes were opened wide, her long, vertical pupil’s just like a cat’s.

“Thanks to that we can conclude this without me killing you. –Isn’t that right? Sixth, Venom?”

“…!”

“Seems as though you and Mayrana have done some very unauthorized things for me in Elphegort, haven’t you? Who gave you any order to ‘kill Elluka Clockworker’? …Margarita, Kaspar, Mayrana—Because of you I’ve lost some very useful pawns.”

“Things did have the appearance that ‘Fourth, Shadow’ Mayrana was most covetous of your attachment to Elluka—”

“So? So she tried to kill her over a trifle? And you joined her in it!”

A loud noise reverberated through the room.

Julia had struck Gatt’s cheek with the palm of her hand.

“…I most humbly beg your forgiveness.”

“Alright? I’m the only one who can do her in. From now on refrain from doing any more unauthorized actions, would you?”

“I shall obey. And—what would you have me do regarding Bruno?”

“Let me do as I like with him. He’s just perfect, I’ve been wanting to have a pawn in Marlon before too long.”

“Understood. Well then—”

“Ah, wait a moment.”

Julia detained Gatt as he tried to leave.

“The weeds in my garden have grown awfully big. Please cut them for me while you’re here.”

“Eh!?…Me?”

“Do my chores without complaining! Or do you wish to become cinders?”

“…As you wish.”

“Be finished by the time my son gets home, will you?”

“Of course…Then, I shall excuse myself, First—” At that Gatt paused his speech for a moment, and then corrected, “No—President.”

Leaving her with that, he left from the room.

“Huff…”

Julia once again sat in her chair, and then drank up the milk she had left.

“So we’ve lost the ‘doll’…Ah, well. I’ve already collected a different ‘vessel’ from Kaspar, so I’ll take that as even.”

She opened her notepad and checked today’s schedule once more.

“Well…I think I might head out soon myself before long.”

Julia opened her dresser drawer to change her clothes.

.

–Watching over the entire affair from the corner of the room was a red cat.
