"What in the world is this?! Is this a hoax or something?!"

"No…… This is a gift for Elluka. Queen Dowager Prim said that she'll be pleased to see it."

I looked at Elluka; I saw her eyes shining while gazing at the octopus. This is far worse than what she usually looks like.

"That's…… really something good. That's a 'Very Amazing Octopus'!"

"…… What part of it is amazing?"

"Everything about it is amazing…… very amazing!"

I get to hear these kinds of arguments a lot lately.

Seeing Elluka's reaction, Riliane said impatiently:

"…… Well, since you liked it, take it, Elluka. There are more important things that I should attend to…… Like marriage. What did Kyle-nii
sama say about our wedding?"

Riliane stood up and said this like she can't wait to learn about the news. Hearing this, Minis's face suddenly turned pale.

"A-About that…… Kyle gave me this letter that is for you, Your Highness Riliane."

Riliane grabbed the letter from Minis's hands and read it intently.

"I never thought…… that something this unexpected will happen."

Watching as Riliane's face gradually reddened, Minis hastily added. But Riliane's eyes kindled anger.

Minis continued:

"Kyle said that he already has someone he loves…… so he wanted to cancel the marriage."

Riliane "rubbed" along as she standed, fiercely threw the letter on the ground, and shouted. It's the first time I saw her this angry.

"Who……! WHO IS THE SLUT THAT SEDUCED KYLE-NII SAMA!"

"King Kyle didn't reveal her identity to me…… But the only thing I know is that she's a beautiful maiden with green hair."

Elluka, holding a glass container with an octopus in it, asked Minis:

"Prim…… Did Queen Dowager Prim agree on this? I don't think she would allow this to happen."

"Uh…… Not exactly. The Queen Dowager just said that since this is King Kyle's decision, she would have to respect his views."

Riliane suddenly yelled:

"Allen! Mariam! Mariam, come here!"

Mariam walked to the Hall of Sounds; from the place where she was busy preparing lunch .

…… I'm not acquaintances with this man named Kyle.

But he and Riliane already became acquaintances after I was adopted by Leonhart. And although the two of them are like siblings, the extent of
their relationship & if they're able to bear hearts with each other, is something I don't know.

But whenever Riliane mentions Kyle, she's obviously very happy; anyone can see that she has a crush on Kyle.

In what way this matter will end, is also something I don't know.

But if he dares to make Riliane sad, I will have to get rid of him.

Even if the blood will dye both my hands red once again, I will do it at any cost.
