“—Here is my verdict. The defendant is innocent.”

An uproar began in the courtroom as the head judge Gallerian handed down his verdict.

In contrast to the frustrated-looking prosecutor, the defense attorney looked satisfied.

The woman who was the defendant nodded deeply first to the defense attorney, then to Gallerian.

In the visitor’s gallery her family clasped their hands, tears streaming down their cheeks.

And in a chair slightly removed from it all, a single woman was applauding the court with an unconcerned expression.

–She was a screenwriter, and the woman serving as special adviser to the court, Ma.

.

It had been two years since Loki’s death.

Having advanced to a Class Five Justice Magistrate, Gallerian ended up working periodically as head judge.

Now that he had obtained Ma’s cooperation, there were a lot of times where he would entrust to her trials that exclusively concerned violations of the special law of magic. Each time, she would supply her information and knowledge on magic not just to the judge, but to the prosecutor and defense attorney charged with the trial as well. Thanks to that they had been able to perform far more constructive trials.

…In the past two years, the amount of people who received the death penalty in witch trials had gone down to zero.

There were some media outlets that did negative reports on Ma, but the reform of the witch trials was accepted favorably by the world at large.

Perhaps everyone was fed up with being privately terrified of the possibility that they would be charged under suspicion of being a witch and then executed without knowing why.

Criticism had also been gaining traction towards the World Police, for whom conversely the “witch hunt” system was still thriving.

Reports on the collusion between them and the Freezis Conglomerate had grown more frequent, and there became more clamor for the deconstruction of the World Police, and for a new police organization to take its place.

The Dark Star Bureau director Hanma Baldured had given tacit approval for the revolution of the witch trials fronted by Gallerian. In fact, as the reforms had begun to grow more accepted by society, he had formally praised Gallerian, to the point of publicly commending him for his work.

–It looked as though everything was turning out well for Gallerian.

But it wasn’t all smooth sailing.

Beginning with the revolution Gallerian had undertaken, the relationship between the World Police and the Dark Star Bureau had begun to sour.

The World Police had mobilized the investigators of its International Works Department, “Justea”, and begun a secret investigation into the Dark Star Bureau.

…And there was one other thing.

Lately, Gallerian had started to have some personal troubles.
