Whenever Gallerian and Ma would get together for work meetings, most of the time they would do it at a restaurant that was nearby the Dark Star Bureau, “Court of Knights”.

In the old days, the place where you ate out was just a bar linked to an inn. It was solely for the purpose of offering food and drink to its lodgers, but since the Lucifenian Revolution it had begun to manifest more as an establishment that specialized in food like a restaurant. The impetus for this was the cooks that had been palace staff opening a restaurant aimed at the general public for a living, having lost their jobs due to the revolution.

Ma didn’t much like going into the Dark Star Bureau. Perhaps that was reasonable, given that she had once been charged for a crime there and stood in court as a defendant. Therefore, excepting days when a public trial was actually being held, she would often talk to Gallerian like this as they ate outside.

“Whew…All done.”

Having finished her meal, Ma began to smoke from her pipe, satisfied.

“But you always eat so much.”

Gallerian sipped his coffee, sounding a little astounded.

“You’re the one paying the bill. And I’ve got a good appetite, and all that.”

“Strictly speaking it’s not me, it’s the bureau. It might be a business expense but I’d appreciate if you didn’t take advantage so thoughtlessly. Hel will give me that sour look again.”

“Hel…Seems like the girl is getting pretty well adapted to the Dark Star Bureau.”

“She’s been an excellent clerk.”

“Soon it’ll be three years since I met her—you too. What a long partnership this has turned out to be,” Ma murmured, sounding moved.

“It is.”

“And you’ve become quite well versed on magic thanks to me, haven’t you? …Perhaps there isn’t any need for us to go out of our way to continue meeting like this.”

“I wouldn’t say that. I’ve learned that magic is far more profound and complicated than I had thought. I’ll still need your help for some time to come.”

“But you’ve even become able to use simple spells by now, haven’t you? –How about you try it? No matter what you say, you are the son of Elluka, after all,” Ma said, smiling mischievously.

“…I don’t really want to become a sorcerer.”

“That so? Well, that’s fine. Magic isn’t some all-purpose tool. Especially in this day and age, where people can even fly through the air with airplanes—Ah, that’s right.” Ma called to a nearby waiter. “What is the most expensive wine in this establishment?”

“Ah yes—How does ‘Blood Grave’ sound?”

“I’ll have that.”

Gallerian’s brow knit as Ma ordered without consulting him. “Hey, what did I just say to you? Don’t use the bureau’s tab on such an extravagant—”

“I’ll pay for the wine myself. To celebrate.”

“Celebrate? Celebrate what?”

“Your twentieth birthday. It’s today, isn’t it?”

Upon hearing that, Gallerian looked surprised. “…You remembered my birthday?”

“If you like we could also put it with cake?”

“No, that’s alright. –My own wife forgot my birthday.”

“My my, it’s only been two years since you were married, hasn’t it? Are things not going well?”

“…I’m not sure. Maybe our marriage had failed from the very beginning.” Gallerian’s expression sank. “—Did I really love Mira?”

“Don’t ask me. Didn’t you marry her because you were in love?”

“Back then I said that I had no more anger towards Loki, but that was a lie. Maybe I slept with Mira to get back at him…That’s how I’ve started thinking about it, looking back on it now.”

“…”

“To speak plainly, I can’t relax much when I’m at home. It’s only when I’m eating with you like this that I can feel at ease.”

“…Then shouldn’t you two just split up?”

“Don’t put it so simply. I’d be a laughingstock at work if I were to get a divorce.”

“What balderdash. That isn’t something for a man like you to say at this stage, someone who has gone against existing rules with such a vengeance.”

“—There is also the matter of Michelle. I don’t want to make my daughter unhappy.”

“Ha ha ha, the way you prattled on about her when she was born was so terrible. Every time you talk about your daughter your expression always gets so soft.”

“Go ahead, laugh at me for being a doting father.”

But Ma shook her head with a serious expression.

“That’s good isn’t it? Besides. Love takes many forms. The love a parent has for their child is one of them.”

“The love of parent and child…Come to think of it, I haven’t seen my own father in a long time. The last time I saw him was—my and Mira’s wedding.”

“You oughtta head back to your family home every now and then—Oop.”

The waiter had brought over their wine.

“Thank you for waiting. Here is your ‘Blood Grave’.”

He poured a red wine into the glasses before Gallerian and Ma.

“Well then, how about a toast?” Ma said, raising her glass; but Gallerian looked a little hesitant. “What’s wrong?”

“Nothing…This is just the first time I’ll have alcohol.”

“Is that right? Then all the better, for your first wine to be such a high-quality one.”

Despite his reservation, Gallerian lifted up the glass, and then after exchanging a toast with Ma he boldly sipped the wine.

“Oh…It’s good.”

“Well then, since it’s a special occasion, you better drink up.”

Encouraged, Gallerian drank up all the wine in his glass.

.
–That hadn’t been wise of him.

By the time they left the restaurant, Gallerian was completely drunk.

He was just barely managing to totter around, leaning heavily on Ma.

“…How pathetic.”

“Uogh…Can’t help it…first time drinking…”

“I heard you before—Can you get home on your own?”

“No way…Let me stay at your house.”

“I don’t have one. I live at the inn.”

“Then there is fine.”

“Obviously not! …Well, whatever. There’s a phone at the inn, so I’ll just have Bruno come get you.”

Ma made her way to the nearby inn where she was staying while supporting Gallerian’s body.

In the lobby she moved to call for the innkeeper to borrow the phone, but—

“Urgh…Don’t feel good.”

“–! Don’t you throw up in here! Hey, come on!” After flusteredly dragging Gallerian to her room, Ma thrust a wash basin before him. “Look, if you’re gonna throw up then do it here!”

“No…it’s fine, I feel better,” he said, and then flopped down on the bed.

“You better not throw up on my bed or you’ll be sorry—Wait here a minute. I’ll get you some water,” Ma said, moving to leave from the room.

However—

“—Guh!?”

She was suddenly embraced from behind by Gallerian as he’d gotten up, and then pushed down onto the bed.

“What are you—”

Ma franticly struggled at first—but when Gallerian half-forcefully pushed their lips together, all the strength sapped from her body in a flash.

“For crying out loud…Oh well.”

And then—

The two of them—

.

…Ah, feels a bit warm in here.

I think I might go take a little stroll in the night.
