Their extramarital affair proceeded to continue on for about half a year.

It finally began to meet its end when Bruno took notice of their relationship.

“—How unusual, for you to call me here like this.”

Ma and Bruno had met in a back alley at midnight.

Bruno’s expression was calm, but the way his face was flushed made clear the anger he was feeling within.

“I think I know what you’re doing…Ma.”

“Oh, have we been found out already? But my, how unsophisticated of you, a servant butting into his employer’s private matters.”

“I know. I have no intention of paying any mind if Gallerian does anything with a woman who isn’t Mira from this point forward. However…You alone I cannot allow. And—you know why that is more than anyone.”

“Thanks for the warning as an old friend, Bruno. But love takes many forms.”

“…What nonsense are you trying to…” Bruno grew enraged. “You two…You and Gallerian are—parent and child!”

“…”

“—The sorceress ‘Elluka Ma Clockworker’ does not age…And because of that, the Freezis Conglomerate tried to find the secret to immortality from you.”

“…That was around the time I first met you. Back then you were still a child, with some innocence left.”

“I was. But during the ‘witch trials’ you vanished, and then reappeared before me ten years later—as the scriptwriter, Kayo Sudou. Elluka never died. She may have been executed on the surface, but she survived, given a new identity.”
“And so—I became your ally in defeating the Freezis Conglomerate. How nostalgic. It was so recent and yet it feels like such a long time ago.”

In contrast to Ma’s calm, Bruno’s face twisted with anguish. “Ma…No, Elluka. I can’t understand a being like you. How could you do such a—”

“I’m just that kind of person.”

“Part of me can see what you’re saying, but part of me can’t understand it either. Every time I meet you, you seem like a completely different person. It’s as though there are several personalities inside you…” As he spoke, Bruno pulled at his hair.

“That’s correct, Bruno. I am—‘impure’. And I don’t mean in the sense that I’m having an affair with a married man. It is exactly as the word means…I have various, extraneous things mixed into me.”

“…”

“I wish to become a ‘pure’ Ma. By removing the ‘impurities’ inside me, and only taking in the ‘power’ that I need…There is a certain ‘process’ that is necessary for that goal. The matter with Gallerian—Well, I won’t deny that it’s a result of that process.”

“…I don’t understand. I suppose it’s just too difficult for someone like me to comprehend a being like you.”

“You don’t have to, and I don’t wish for you to either. –Anyway, what is it that you want of me, ultimately?”
“…I want you to leave the country. And—I want you to never meet with Gallerian ever again, if possible. I can’t help but feel that…if you’re near him any longer, he’ll be done for.”

“Ha ha…I can do that. If that’s what you wish.” Ma gave a thin smile. “You’re so very loyal, Bruno…No, that’s not all it is, is it?”

“…”

“—You’re taken with Gallerian.”

“…He’s never shown any prejudice towards me, despite my being a ‘Black Valkyria’. When I first met him he openly held out his hand, never hesitating to shake with mine—to touch my black skin. …He has a great determination, and the will to put it in motion. It’s true that at some point I’ve found myself charmed by that.”

“Gallerian must be happy to have such a good servant—or rather, a good friend. …You take good care of the boy.”

When Bruno did not reply, Ma turned her back on him and left.

.

The next morning.

After leaving the inn, Ma appeared to consider where she would go next.

“Lucifenia, Asmodean—Beelzenia might be nice too. Jakoku…is probably too far,” she murmured to herself as she walked; but as she finally arrived at the Dark Star Bureau she stopped there, as though having remembered something.

“While I’m here—I’ll go consult with him before I leave the country, shall I?”

.

The Dark Star Bureau, the director’s office.

Hanma did not hide his surprised expression at this sudden visitor.

“…Now isn’t this something. I never thought that you’d come here to see me yourself—Ma.”

“Long time no see, Hanma.”

“Because Gallerian’s been looking after you so much…Oh, is it strange for me to put it that way?”

“—Actually, I’ve decided to leave the country. I’ve figured now is the best time, for various reasons.”

“I see…That’s unfortunate, but it is what it is. There’s nothing more to worry about with the reform of the ‘witch trials’. Gallerian should be able to handle it no problem, even without you,” Hanma replied with a grin.

“Ha ha, true. He’s been working so hard. –He’s accomplished the revolution that you failed to achieve.”

“Indeed. Though his methods greatly resemble mine…Gallerian succeeded, and I failed. There must be some deciding difference in there. Perhaps it’s time for me to retire soon.”

“That was almost twenty years ago now…You presumed to hand me a death penalty verdict at that trial. –To create a precedent for Elluka to have been executed.”

“Under the laws established by the Dark Star Bureau, the same person cannot be given the death penalty twice. …Regardless of whether or not the execution has actually taken place. It should have allowed you to escape from the World Police and the Freezis Conglomerate hounding you. But—” Hanma’s expression faintly twisted. “—The Freezises found me out. All I was able to do was give you a new identity and hide who you were. The plan that I had come up with came to nothing.”

“And Gandalf—your friend—wound up hating you for something you didn’t do. When it rains, it pours, eh?”

“Well…That was a long time ago.” Hanma stood from his chair and aimlessly gazed out the window. “Ma—When were you planning to depart from this country?”

“I’ve already moved out of the inn, so I could even go today.”

“That’s good. The sooner the better. Looks like you had some bad timing coming here today.”

When he said that to her, Ma seemed to notice something, and peered out the window with Hanma. “Is that—”

“The World Police…A Justea special task force. It seems that they’re planning to force their way into the bureau. They’re after you—and me. They’ve been sniffing around here for some time now, you see. They must have finally figured out my true identity.”

“…What will you do? Shall we take them on together?”

“No, don’t trouble yourself. I’m capable of handling them alone. And—” Hanma glanced Ma’s way. “—You look a tad peaky today.”

“…”

“Escape through the back entrance. There are a few Justea officers there, but they’re not in so great a number. You should have no trouble escaping from your pursuers, even as you are today.”

“And what will you do?”

“Right…I think I’ll let loose for once. Hopefully I haven’t gotten too rusty.”

“Understood…Though I would have liked to be able to shoot the breeze about the old days a little.”

“If we both survive this, we’ll have the chance to again.”

“True. Well then—See you later, Hanma.”

Ma rapidly left the room.

.

The morning was still early, so there were no trials being held in the main courtroom.

Hanma was sitting alone in the head judge seat.

“I suppose I’m parting with the Dark Star Bureau today… And the most appropriate stage for Bureau Director Hanma Baldured’s final moments–is here, of course.”

After a short while, the Justea special task force broke down the door and entered the large courtroom, wielding guns.

“He’s in here!”

There were about twenty of them in all, and they surrounded Hanma in an instant.

Hanma pounded the gavel in his hand twice.

“Silence. This is the sacred courtroom of the Dark Star Courthouse. It’s not a place where a gang like you can just tromp all over with your shoes.”

The man who appeared to be the head of the unit cried out, ignoring Hanma’s words, “Hanma Baldured! You are under arrest!”

“My my…What are the charges?”

“—Violation of the special laws on magic! You are under suspicion of being ‘Elluka’s apprentice’!”

“Ha ha ha…’Elluka’s apprentice’, huh? It’s been—quite some time since I was called that.”

Hanma stood from his chair, smiling.

“Don’t move!”

“Now now, calm yourselves down, gentlemen of Justea—It may be winter out but today is quite warm. Personally I don’t care for this sort of climate. Winter should be cold enough to freeze.”

“Put your hands up and turn around!”

In accordance with the leader’s words, Hanma obediently put his hands up and then turned his back to the unit.

“Yes yes…You’re quite a hot-tempered man, aren’t you? I don’t really like that much either. So—I’ll cool things down a little.”
.

–There was no one aside from Hanma who noticed the change occurring.

And…by the time they did, it was far too late for the Justea special task force.

.

“—Ahhh, isn’t this much more refreshing?”

.

In the span of ten minutes, the great courtroom had completely transformed into a world of ice.

All of the officers had been frozen solid, encased in that ice.

Hanma alone was standing there, with a literally cool expression on his face.

“The ice will thaw eventually…You’ll be able to move again when that happens—Assuming you survive, hah hah hah.”

While booming with laughter, he left the courtroom and departed from the Dark Star Bureau.

–He never came back.

.

Thanks to this event, the relationship between the Dark Star Bureau and the World Police grew even more deteriorated.

The deputy director was promoted to assume Hanma’s vacated position.

Gallerian was treated warmly by him, and steadily rose through the ranks of the courthouse.
