♠ Germaine ~ Lucifenia’s Palace “Hall of Sounds” ~

“Why do it here? We can always have a meeting in the Hall of Mirrors”

Although we were soldiers, due to our low ranking, we never had the opportunity to see the inside of the palace. York was walking around
curiously.

“It’s too spacious”

And like him, I was also looking around. The war happened just a few days ago and the everything seems to have calmed down. Though my
father was the captain, but due to the fact that “People who have no business with the Palace are not allowed to enter”, so far, I haven’t seen it
what it looks like in the inside.

If the revolution never occurred, I would have never seen this kind of life style.

It’s been five days since the takeover of the revolutionary army from the palace. Domestic chaos gradually lowered. Therefore, in order to
discuss future plans and approaches, we have meetings of important members here.

The officers who are attending are me, York, Minage and some representatives of the revolutionary army. Sekka and Chartette are absent
because they are injured and are currently healing themselves.

Keel Freesis, the one who fled to Marlon. If it weren’t for his assistance, the revolution wouldn’t have been successful. I nodded as the soldiers
asked permission to let him in.

“Ahh, Miss Germaine, congratulations!”

Keel slightly raised his hand and smiled. The first time I saw him I thought, that this man doesn’t seem like a cunning business man.

“Thank you very much. Thanks to you, I was able to achieve victory. Not only with material assistance but also from the help of the middle
class citizens...”

“This victory is all due to your outstanding determination. What I had done is a mere trifle. Besides, we are already in a difficult situation/we
cannot turn back now, we might as well try to launch an offensive. Although the amount of funds spent is not little, I can always collect it back
another day”

Keel smiled happily. He bypassed the round table and sat opposite of me. Soon, the Elphegort king appeared. Since the Lucifenian Civil war has
ended, he gave out a sigh. However, the war have inflicted Elphegort tremendous damage. It would take years, no, decades before they can
recover.

And then... the meeting starts.

After confirming the attendance, I said:

“You may start, King/Prince(?) of Marlon”

The one sitting on the seat of honour was the masked man, Kachess. Without his mask, the true identity of the Marlon King/Prince-Kyle.

Though he exposed his face, I already had a vague of feeling, so I wasn’t surprised. But for the others, this was shocking news and they all have
surprised expressions. When York, who had always been coarse in speech, started to use crappy honorific, even Sekka, who was recovering
and on bed rest, started applying her makeup.

“Hello everybody. I am very grateful to you all to be able to gather here today. First of all, because of the forces of the revolutionary army, we
claimed victory over the war. My heartfelt congratulations”
