Kyle gave his opening remarks. I am obviously the heart of the revolutionary army’s officials, so I have a nerve to say this.

“Why are you not wearing a mask, Kachess?”

I sarcastically said. The expression on his face showed little embarrassment.

“There is no need to continue hiding my identity. Honestly, I was ready to be deprived of my seat on the throne... but my mother has sent a
formal letter of conditions”

“Conditions?”

“We will talk about it later. First off all, about what’s left of the Lucifenian army...”

The meeting began with a status report. It was about the Prime Ministers who escaped, were arrested and were killed.

“The soldiers who attacked Elphegort have surrendered and is now placed in Elphegort’s prison”

The Elphegort king reported.

“I think they themselves do not want war. I hope you will be able to forgive them”

“I know, Minage. I also do not want to incur unnecessary resentment”

The Elphegort King replied, but I think that too heavy a burden for his heart to carry. Lucifenia’s soldiers massacred a large number of people
(especially women). The first order was to sacrifice them to appease the anger of the people. But to let those soldiers free, will have the two
nations into a bad relationship.

Though the Elphegort king was originally a pacifist, but in the end, he carried out the conviction of the soldiers.

The mercenary group was disbanded because of the death of Gast Venom. Although some of them are still causing chaos in the streets, they
will soon be repressed by the Marlon soldiers.

All in all, we will not be expecting anymore resistance in this regard.

“The next problem is......”

“The Three Heroes”

Lucifenia’s most powerful individuals that were left was Elluka and Mariam. I have personally witnessed their capability when fighting. If they
were to gather those fleeing soldiers, it would become a problem.

“I think there wouldn’t be any problem with Elluka”

I was surprised when Keel said that.

Elluka seems to be currently hiding somewhere. Although Keel did not specify why he thought of this, but it would be probably be because of
her attitude. There is no possibility of a revolt.

Elluka was originally exiled from Lucifenia, so the chances that she would participate in a resistance is very low.

Kyle continued.

“Well, next is......”
