“If this country is led by the revolutionary army, then I would like to ask, who among them have political experience?...... None. The
revolutionary army is composed of peasantry, and you expect to reform the country?”

Kyle may ask in a calm manner, but regardless, the answer is still no. Even so, York will not let get his way.

“...... Germaine and Minage are very intelligent”

“Intelligence is not the only requirement when it comes to politics. You must also have talent and experience. If those escaped Ministers would
join the new government, what do you think would happen?”

“Oh, Ah, Hmm....”

“The Elphegort Kingdom is still under reconstruction... so you don’t have to take precautions. And also, everything seems to have settled
down, so you have to worry. Of course, the revolutionary army will be taking part in the new government”

He may or may not know what to say, York was holding his shoulders in silence. Such an attitude is normal for Kyle and as he looked at
everyone, he wanted to confirm any objection.

The conclusion was that we all agreed on Kyle’s proposal.

York and Minage were given positions in the new regime. Although I was also invited, I turned it down.

“Being the leader of the revolutionary army and without any reward, is justifying”

While York looks unhappy about it, all I wanted was to change Lucifenia. It was never my intention to join a war

“Although it’s just my opinion... but in order for Lucifenia to know the true meaning of freedom, I will also work hard in the future to come”

Kyle looked at me with regret. Nominally, the people who attended the meeting today are still in their same position.

It may incur antipathy, but there’s just no other way. Even so, some people would do things for my sake. To be honest, I’m still very happy, but
I will not change my mind.

I looked at his face then laughed.

“……is something wrong?”

“No, it’s just that you used “Watashi” when you were talking just now, but you used “Ore” when you were wearing you mask”

“…… do not tease me”

I smiled, he pouted then turned his eyes away. The Prince of Marlon is easy to tease. I suddenly remembered my missing younger brother.
Although he is not very likeable , but teasing him was fun.

“So, with regards to the arrested princess… have you met her yet, Germaine?”

“I haven’t yet. I just got my bandage off yesterday”

According to the doctor, my eyes fortunately healed without any side/negative effects.

My vision is also unaffected

“Now… about her execution…”
