- Daughter of Evil ~ Lucifenia Kingdom’s “Underground Prison” ~

It’s been a long time now.

In the underground cells, even the Levin Cathedral Bell cannot be heard. The window is latticed on the ceiling, where sunlight can enter.
Unfortunately, the window was planked and nailed, so I was unable to see the scenery outside.

However, faint sound of laughter can be heard outside; must be children playing. But it’s very vague, so maybe I’m hallucinating. I thinking of
children playing around the palace and while was humming songs.

Songs… Michaela’s singing was great. So to say, even the Daughter of Evil was good at singing and occasionally, when Leonhart and Germaine
are drinking, would also sing some songs.

I was already singing when I regained attention/snapped out of my daydream. It was the lullaby my mother often sang to me when I was a child.

Singing is good, it can make people forget their anxiety. So just keep on singing.

“Hey! So noisy! You’re giving me a headache!”

A guard with a kerosene lamp said loudly roaring. I ignored him and kept on singing.

“……Che(切?)”

The guard smacked with dissatisfaction(?), but didn’t say anything. He’s a soldier from Marlon.

I know that Marlon was brutal and ruthless when it comes to prisoners.

Rattle… Rattle…

I don’t know where the sound came from, but it sounded like footsteps. It was coming from the underground cell. It was time for guard duty
shifting.

“Watchman, thanks for the hard work. How is she?”

The other officer said. It sounded like a female’s voice. I don’t know why, when I heard her voice, I slowly calmed down.

“Reporting, she is behaving nicely but she often makes a fuss”

“She… may haven’t lost hope yet”

I was initially making a scene of getting out. I had to act as the Daughter of Evil.

“I’m sorry but can you leave us alone”

The guard was surprised from her request.

“But…”

“Please! In any case, I just want to talk to her alone”

“…Okay. Please be careful and do not open the cell”

Footsteps can be heard and it eventually faded away. It seems the guard went to the stairs and left.
