“This is the first time I’ve met you, princess”

The voice came from across the iron bars. Although it was very dark, it was not clear but she seems to be wearing bright red armour. I
remembered the report that the revolutionary army was led by a person with red armour. She must be the leader of the revolutionary army.

……I feel like I know this voice.

“I am the leader of the revolutionary army, Germaine Avadonia. The execution date for Lucifenia’s princess has already been set, so I’ve have
come to greet you personally”

“…Ha ha… HA HA HA HA HA HA!”

This is a masterpiece. It’s too funny. What did she just say? An execution date has been settled?

It’s not this one. It’s her name. The “Germaine Avadonia”. HAHA. I know that name.

“Why are you laughing? It’s irregular to laugh when you’re about to die”

I stood up and approached the iron bars, so that I could see her face. Yes, she is LeonHart’s daughter – Germaine Avadonia.

“The execution is 2 days from now at 3 o’clock in the afternoon at Millenial Square. It’s about time to confess to God for all the crimes you
have done”

Germaine does not seem to have guessed my real identity. I could not help but boast in my heart that my skills of disguising is still good.

“Is that all that you want to say? Then leave. I’m tired”

Having said that, I retreated into the cell.

But at that moment---

“Wait!”

Germaine called out to me. I turned around and saw that her eyes wavered and struggled to open.

“Please wait… What’s happening? Why would you do this…?”

The game was over; she knew who I was now. Even so, I- the servant, would not reveal my true identity.

“What are you talking about? I’m locked up in a filthy cell; no thanks to the likes of you”

“Don’t joke around! Allen! You’re Allen! Why…?”

“What a noisy woman… You must be drunk from your victory party”

“Allen Avadonia! Son of one of the Three Heroes, LeonHart Avadonia! My only brother… is that you?”

Tears formed from her eyes. I could no longer pretend.

“……Long time no see, Germaine”

“……Allen!”

Since my identity has been exposed, there’s no other way; I’ll tell everything to Germaine.
