♦Daughter of Evil ·Allen ~ Lucifenia Kingdom’s “Underground Prison” ~ Continuation

“You and the princess are twins…”

After hearing me out, Germaine had a surprised expression. No wonder, even father didn’t tell her about this. I’ve only kept it in the dark until
today so it must had a huge impact on her.

After a moment of silence, Germaine began to speak again.

“……Wait a minute. If you tell me these things, you can get out of jail”

Germaine said, as she went up the stairs.

“Get me out of jail? Why?”

“Because you are not the princess; you are just a servant. Everyone must be told of this…”

“You really are the same as before; you haven’t changed. As the leader of the revolutionary army, how can you be so emotional about it”

“…… You also haven’t changed. Still sarcastic and unlikeable”

I’m… not like that anymore…

“You also told me that when I was still a kid”

“Well, at that time, you just arrived at our home. You treated everyone as enemies, you didn’t even look at me”

“………”

“At that time, I didn’t know why you were like that. But I now know why. When you were suffering and got into a political dispute… Allen,
even just after a few days, your attitude slightly changed.

“No, nothing changed”

“Really? Don’t you remember? When we saved Chartette from those bandits”

“…… Like what’s going on now?”

“At that time, people thought that Chartette was already killed so they gave up on rescuing her. But I believed she was still alive so I tried to
save her but as a result, I got caught. If you haven’t saved back then, I wouldn’t be here today”

Yes, such an event did happen but it’s all in the past.

“In short, you’re not a villain here. So there’s no reason to kill you. Wait, I’ll be right back...”

“So you’re saying that ‘you can get me out of this situation’? I think it’s impossible”

When I said that, Germaine suddenly stopped.

“The King of Marlon, Kyle has been here before... he told me that he decided to execute me in exchange for the princess”
