Kyle Marlon.... He, too, recognised me immediately for who I really was. He /was/ Rillianne's fiancé after all, so being discovered by him was not
surprising. But as a king of a country, if he was to discover that the Princess is a false one, he would have to consider whether the fact would
cause domestic chaos in the realm.

The revolution was finally about to end, and if it was to repeat, the consequences would be disastrous.

It's understandable for Kyle to have a pessimistic view on politics. That's what he's like, rejecting Rillianne's marriage proposal, resolutely joining
the Revolutionary Army, making moves that would shock the people of Marlon.
“......I still don’t understand!”

“and... I told him... that the person he loved –Michaela- was killed by my hands”

Germaine gaped in surprise. She could not believe what I said so she asked me:

“You... really said that to him?”

“Yes, regardless of the events, after I said that, he immediately became angry and began to punch me in the face...... Even though Marlon law
states that it is clearly prohibited to violate prisoners. Germaine, you should pay attention when you’re with him”

“Allen...!”

“Really now, getting carried away by his feelings even though he is a king. Marlon’s prospects really is worrying... Haha, this is what Lucifenia’s
princess would say”

Germaine was lost in thought. After a moment of silence between us, only to find that the cells really are quiet, we heard faint voices from
outside.

“I feel that... this is very strange!”

Germaine ran to the lounge room and immediately ran back. She was fetching the prison keys.

“Allen...... we have to escape! Escape to a far away land!”

“You are the leader of the revolutionary army. If you do such a thing...”

“That doesn’t matter anymore. You and I have to escape. Ah, yes, after we have settled down, we will also call upon Chartette. She will
understand us. We the three of us, just like before, can live happily together!...... Although father is gone”

Germaine rattled on, tears emerging from her eyes.

It’s impossible Germaine. It’s impossible.

Maybe in your heart, you prioritize me.

But in fact...

Everything has changed.

“...... Germaine, that armour you’re wearing, is it the same as fathers?”

I asked, pointing at her armour.

“......? Ah, yes. But because it was not my size, Chartette’s father, who is a blacksmith, slightly modified it to fit me”
