“What...... Indeed Chartette’s father is a good black smith. He made good changes. Was the damage on the shoulder also repaired?”

“...... huh?”

Germaine didn’t seem to understand what I said.

“I said... even though father is one of the three heroes, we was assassinated. Who do you think is the murderer?”

I tried to control my feelings, Germaine said:

“It was the Daughter of Evil”

“Do you think Riliane is capable of killing LeonHart?”

“.......”

“Ah, now I understand Germaine. You set off the revolution for this sole reason. Hahaha, It’s so ironic. In the name of order and justice, you
set up the banner for peace. I was right”

“.......No, I.......”

“This isn’t a revolution, it’s revenge! You used the people in order to get revenge!”

“......It’s not......”

“It’s not strange. HAHAHAHA, it’s really funny how many people got injured in the revolution and how many died. Although they see u as a
hero, but in my opinion, you and Riliane are not different in your desire to control people. If Riliane is a Daughter of Evil, then you are too!”

“Don’t say it......”

“Don’t worry Germaine. I was the Daughter of Evil’s companion. So I will assist you in revenge. Although the princess has ran away, but it
doesn’t matter because......”

“Please... don’t say it... ALLEN!”

“Because the murderer... is standing right in front of you”

Germaine’s cries echoed in the underground prison.

The singing voices outside could not be heard.

♠ Germaine ~ Lucifenia Kingdom’s “Millenial Square” ~

Father, how are you doing in heaven?
