“I don’t mind. Please come in!”

I opened the door and came in. Mr. Keel was pleased as he got up from his chair.

“I was worried about you, Clarith”

“Mr. Keel… about Michaela… I’m sorry I wasn’t able to carry out your orders…”

“It happened because of this war… Actually, I should be the one apologizing.”

“What…?”

“Ah, forget what I just said.”

Mr. Keel’s eye glasses suddenly clouded and tried to avoid eye contact with me.

“Mr. Keel…?”

“Do I need to leave?”

The person who spoke was a girl in red. That girl was a beauty whose short, brown hair matched her
confidence. Standing by her side was a burly one-eyed fellow, who folded his arms unhappily. Just like his
wife said, he gave off the impression of a brute.

"Ah, apologies. Let's continue the conversation."

"Sorry to disturb everyone, I'll leave first."

That man stared at me until I shrank back a little. That's why after a hurried bowed, I prepared to leave.
But the girl in red stopped me.

"Wait for a while. Mr Keel, if possible, I'd like this person to listen. Is this the person? The child named
Clarith mentioned just now. Then she must be like us, hating Lucifenia's ruler. In that case..."

"Wait, Germaine! You plan to drag her into this Resistance? Does she look like the type who'd
participate in a war?"

"It's good to have one more comrade. Anyway, it's up to her to decide."

The girl in red and the one-eyed man spoke at the same time. Resistance Army?War? What were they
talking about. I sneaked a look at Mr Keel, he had an ugly expression.

"Clarith, I'll start from the beginning so you can understand. I am Germaine, and he is York. We're
