“Thank you very much…”

He held out his hand and I firmly hold it.

The next day, I headed to the bar where Germaine and York is to give them a reply. Also, Mr. Keel
wanted to talk to them.

After hearing my reply, Germaine was a little disappointed. But she didn’t force me anyway.

On the day for my departure to the port town monastery, Mr. Keel came to see me off.

Ms. Yukina cried and gave me a baby thick book. It is filled with her up-to-date stories.

The wagon started. I continued waving at them even when they were out of sight.

Thank you and Good bye.

I have another group of people to see.

♥Clarith ~ Lucifenia Kingdom’s “Port Town • Monastery” ~

It is said that Levin religion's Eldoh faction was formed in the now-defunct Eldohgort (present-day
Elphegort) when the Magic Kingdom Levianta (Divine Levianta) broke off.

With the Twin Dragon Gods Levia-Behemo as the absolute gods of the Levia opposition, the Eldoh
faction worships the dragon Eldoh. Therefore, they were initially regarded as heretics and suffered
severe repression. Afterwards, due to the "Levianta Disaster", the number of people in the Levia
sect/faction was reduced. Only then did the Eldoh faction grow in strength. For some time, the
congregation increased until it was comparable with the Levia faction. But over the passage of time, due
to the political influence the members of Levia faction had on the country, it (Levia faction) soon became
the mainstream religion again.

The elder’s decorations for the church was rather simple compared to other(?) churches. They prohibit
idolatry so there weren’t any statue in the church. Mr. Keel, despite having finance, had simple
decorations in his mansion. That may be probably because he chose this religion.

Every morning, I have to wake up early. We had to pray even before the sun rise. We also had to pray
before and after having breakfast. Preparing the meals was one of my duties.

I am primarily responsible for the children’s meals. Because a lot of the children are picky eaters, I have
to consider them one at a time so I have to make a menu that will satisfy all of them and it’s giving me a
headache. If the menu is too biased, I’ll get scolded by the dean.
