(However, Rin, do you know the whole legend.)

From my hiding place, I tiptoed closer to her.

I heard a murmur next to my ears. It was a whisper mixed with the crash of waves.

‘Definitely does not know, that child is ignorant.’

(Yes. That child does not know anything. It was a covenant with a demon.)

Rin hasn’t noticed me. She merely kept on watching the bottle drift out to sea.

The whispers became louder.

“That’s right, that was entering into a pact with the devil. If the contract is established, then…”

(I will have to offer up my life.)

I tightly clenched the knife I took from my room.

The whispers grew even louder, it was like a siren wailing in my mind.

‘In that case, we will have to help her.’

(Yes, Michaela. She must die if she wants her wish to come true.)

What can she repent for. Even if she confesses now, Michaela won’t ever come back. She can’t laugh and
cry again. A plant? A god? That definitely wasn’t what Michaela had hoped to be. She must have wanted
to always be a human, and to live with me forever. You’ve taken all these away. You have snatched it
away regardless of whether it was Michaela’s wish or my wish. What a joke, that a person like you still
makes wishes!

‘Clarith, I was stabbed to death, and it was painful. Oh, it was so painful.’

(Poor Michaela. Please wait. I’ll let that child have a taste of her own medicine.)

I was already in front of Rin’s back. Even though I was so close to her, she was too focused on the
bottle, and didn’t discover my presence.

‘Do it, Clarith. Avenge me!’

I raised the knife.

…who?

Who are you?

Why are you interfering with me?
