Final Chapter

    -   The whereabouts of the devil? -

✥ Kyle ~ Lucifenia Kingdom’s “Hall of Sounds” ~

The Lucifenian Revolution was a success. The “Daughter of Evil” was sent to the guillotine, which is only
natural. But what we didn’t expect was the one who was executed was a substitute. The real Rilliane is
nowhere to be found.

Even so, I don’t have any intention of finding her, even if I hate her to the point of vowing vengeance. My
hate for her is indifferent. Maybe because of the servant who willingly replaced her, impressed me. I
don’t really know.

If I would trace back, will I be able to know when and where did the fate of Michaela’s gear gone out of
control? From the point when her body was found inside the well? Or because of my declination of
engagement with Rilliane? Or much more earlier… from when I saw her in Keel’s mansion?

No, it has to be much more further. Back at the time when Keel showed me his collection.

It was – I remember the magical sword called the “Venom Sword”… When I handled that sword for the
first time, I immediately felt a wrenching, fearful and but comfortable feeling.

Keel asked if I wanted to buy it, but I refused. I had a strong hunch that I wouldn’t be able to handle it.

Since then, I was unable to suppress the feeling of intense passion. Out of my love for Michaela, the
consequence bought Lucifenia and Elphegort into a big mess.

The cause of this incident was no other than me. Even when I joined the revolutionary army, I am still to
blame.

It’s terrible. Is there anyone who can stop me?

I removed the handle from the hand mirror, which was a gift from my mother when I was a child. Even
though I hate her, I can’t discard it. This mirror severed my confusion.

A whisper came from the mirror.

Commitment.

Everyone is committed to their feelings.
