Bats are mammals, and they fair comparatively well against the cold.

And so, despite it being winter I do not hibernate. There are some varieties of bat that do, but that is less a matter of being unable to bear the cold and more that there isn’t enough food during winter. By suspending their activity they are able to avoid malnutrition.

Eating is an act that animals can not afford to neglect. To secure food is an imperative for all living creatures.

One of the time-honored ways in which humans have secured their vital nutrition is hunting. That is, they kill wild animals using tools, and then eat them.

This act called hunting has obtained a steady source of sustenance from animals, but ever since the methods and circumstances were arranged to make stock-farming simple, the pressing need to hunt specifically to obtain food has gone down. Even now there are many who make their living by hunting, but among the wealthy at least with the flow of history the number of those who hunt purely for sport has steadily increased.

Loki Freezis was one of those people who liked to hunt for sport.

…Though naturally, when winter came around he had less targets that he could hunt.

And right now Levianta was smack in the middle of winter. I wonder how he might hunt in these conditions.

A little curious on that point, I decided to observe Loki and Gallerian’s hunting.

I’ll say it again. Bats are not weak to the cold.

…But then, cold is still cold.

.

Early that morning, a single black automobile arrived before Gallerian as he stood on a road outside Alicegrad.

“Were you waiting?” Loki popped his head out from the window.
“No, I only just got here.”

“Ah. That’s good.”

“Alright, let’s go then. Should I ride in the back?”

“Yeah…But first, let’s get introductions out of the way.”

Just as Loki got down from the passenger seat, someone else appeared from the driver’s side.

He looked a little bit older than Gallerian, but still quite young.

He wore a shabby T-shirt and jeans, and unlike Gallerian and Loki his skin was quite dark.

“This is my butler. Though he was originally a slave.”

Upon being introduced, the man walked up to Gallerian without so much as a forced smile, completely expressionless.

“—I am Bruno Zero,” was all he said. He didn’t bow either.

“Tch.” Loki clicked his tongue, and fiercely kicked Bruno’s rear end. “What kind of attitude is that to take with my most precious friend, Bruno?!”

He appeared quite sturdy, and despite being kicked by Loki he didn’t stir one muscle.

This seemed to grate on Loki’s nerves even further, and he started to move to kick Bruno again.

“N-now now…” Gallerian urged Loki to calm down, while a little bewildered at his behavior that was so different from normal. “Uh…Mr. Bruno?”
“You can do without the honorifics.”

“Er, but you seem a bit older than me.”

“Master Loki becomes angry with me If I am referred to politely.”

"A–ah, I see. Then—Bruno.”

Gallerian had to look up at Bruno while he spoke, as he was so much taller than he was.

“Yes?”

“Are you from Maistia?”

“Yes. That is my birthplace.”

“To be honest, this is the first time I’ve seen someone with black skin like yours.”

“I would think so. I am a ‘Black Valkyria’–they are the indigenous people of Maistia, and there are hardly any of them in the entire Evillious region.

“Is that right—Well, at any rate, I’m looking forward to today. Though this is my first time hunting, so I might wind up being a bit of trouble.”

So saying, Gallerian held out his right hand.

Bruno made a confused expression, as though he was unable to discern the meaning behind the gesture.

“…What in the world is that?”
“Huh? It’s a handshake. It’s customary in Evillious to grab the other person’s hand when making greetings.”

“I…know about that, but…Never mind. I am pleased to meet you.”

Despite looking confused, Bruno gripped Gallerian’s hand.

Before I knew it, Loki was gone.

When I looked around again I found him already sitting in the automobile’s passenger seat.

“What are ya doing? Let’s go already. If you keep dawdling here we’ll run out of time to go hunting!” Loki yelled at Bruno angrily.

“My apologies.” Bruno hurriedly climbed into the driver’s seat.

“…”

Gallerian opened up a door in the back and climbed inside.

“Well then, let’s go. –Come now, to Pixie!”

At Loki’s enthusiastic shout, the engine roared to life and the automobile raced ahead.
