The new gasoline-powered automobile moved along at a steady rate, and soon enough it arrived at the barren snow field.

–I had followed alongside it for a time through flying, but I’d gotten tired and so midway there decided to just cling to the top of the automobile.
Moving is so much more pleasant this way. What a wonderful thing these humans have invented.

“…The weather’s starting to look a little bad,” Gallerian murmured, looking outside the window from inside the automobile.

“Yeah, it does. But a little snow storm’s not gonna be an issue. This automobile is pretty well built,” Loki replied.

“I hope so.”

.

Snow started to fall just before noon.

And the wind was blowing a little.

Still, just as Loki said, the automobile pressed on through the storm without much difficulty.

“I hope it doesn’t turn into a blizzard…”

Even coming from inside the vehicle I could hear a little worry in Gallerian’s voice.

“It’ll be fine,” Loki said breezily.

.

An hour after that, the wind had picked up, and undulating gusts of snow pounded on the automobile’s window.

“Hey…Are we really gonna be okay?”
It was hard to hear Gallerian’s voice over the storm.

“—How is it?” Loki asked someone. He was probably talking to Bruno.

“…We can’t get much speed thanks to the force of the wind. And I am growing concerned about the state of the engine. Perhaps it would be best to stop the automobile for a short time.”

“…”

“I can see something that looks like a building up ahead. It’s hard to make out in the blizzard, but…How about resting there for a while?”

I saw it too, something that looked like a small shack on the left-hand side of the path the automobile was taking.

“A building, in this barren field? What in the world—”

I couldn’t very clearly make out who was talking, but it was probably Gallerian.

“Maybe it’s a small shelter for people who are caught up in a blizzard like us. There’s probably no one living there…At any rate, let’s stop there for now.”

.

Bruno was first to get out of the automobile as it stopped in front of the shack.

He then headed for the entrance and reached for the door.

“Well? Can we get inside?”

In response to Gallerian’s question as he was about to get out himself, Bruno shook his head.
“No good…It’s locked.”

“Can’t you pry it open?”

“I could try…but frankly it looks difficult.”

“Damn…”

At some point Loki had gotten out of the automobile, and was standing behind Gallerian as he continued to grow uneasy.

“Deary me, what a pickle we’re in. Who’d have thunk we’d get caught in such a blizzard, ha ha ha.”

“Is this really the time to be laughing like nothing is wrong, Loki? Won’t we be stranded here if this gets worse!?”

“Now now, ha ha ha.” Loki continue to smile, heedless of their situation. “This isn’t all that much trouble. It’s all generally according to plan, Gallerian.”

“What are you saying? Have you gone mad from the cold!?”

“I’m perfectly sane–Well then, I guess we’ll be starting soon.”

“Starting? What the hell do you mean by that?”

“Didn’t I tell you? We came here to ‘hunt’.”

Loki brought up an expensive looking hunting rifle in his hands.

“'Hunt’? Don’t be stupid. Pixie still has to be a ways off.”

“As long as there is game, you can 'hunt’ anywhere.”

“But there isn’t any game out here in the middle of this storming, frozen wasteland!”
“—Yes there is.”

Loki was still smiling.

With that smile on his face, he pointed the muzzle of his gun at Gallerian’s head.

.

“…You are today’s 'game’, Gallerian Marlon.”

.

A faint gunshot reverberated through the blizzard.
