–Gallerian continued to run through the snowy field.

While staggering, out of breath.

Despite the cold that pierced through him, snow blowing on a headwind.

He had no choice but to continue running.

For right behind him his friend was chasing him, carrying a gun in his hands.

.

“What a blunder that was, missing my shot from such close range!”

I could hear Loki’s voice.
He was talking as though to himself, but he wasn’t, either. He was deliberately shouting loud enough that his voice would reach Gallerian’s ears.

“Gallerian! You! Are too excellent!”

Gallerian ignored his voice, continuing to run.

He had no weapons on him with which he could defend against Loki.

All he could do was flee.

“Why are you a justice magistrate, with me being just an aide!? It’s not like there was that big a gap between us during school…On top of that, you getting to be a head judge before me!? This must be some fucking joke!”

Once more I heard a gunshot from the other side of the blizzard. Gallerian wasn’t hit.

Thanks to the blizzard, Loki couldn’t make out Gallerian’s form either.

“I have to be number one. It has to be a Freezis who stands at the top in the end! …I’ve always thought of you as in my way! I’ve put up with you this long, but now I’m at my limit!”

Another gunshot.

The bullet missed Gallerian.

“Our supervisors are too easy on you! Suspension!? Idiot, that should normally get you sacked!”

That voice that sounded half-frenzied seemed to be growing steadily quieter.

Little by little, the distance between Loki and Gallerian was growing wider.
.

–Eventually, I couldn’t hear the sound of Loki’s angry voice or the gunshots.

“…Have I…lost him?”

But Gallerian’s strength was also at its limit.

And he collapsed there on the snow.

“Loki…why…? I thought…we were friends…”

Even so, Gallerian continued to go forward, practically crawling on the ground.

Waiting around here without making progress would mean his death–he must have known that.

But pressing on wasn’t a good idea either. If he didn’t find some place to take shelter, he would have the same fate as waiting around.

“Wh…what…is…that?”

It appeared that he had found something on the horizon.

I couldn’t see it well from the blizzard, but it looked to be like a building, or a person.

Whichever it was, he must have figured he had no other option. Gallerian continued on towards that “something”.

“I don’t want to…die…don’t want…someone…help me…”

I felt sorry for him, but I couldn’t do anything about it.

I’m just a bat.

I can do nothing but observe.
.

And.

His end suddenly arrived.

.

Bang.

.

That gunshot came from the direction Gallerian had been heading.

I heard it from in front of him.

.

The bullet pierced Gallerian’s body.

He didn’t even scream.

He just stopped moving on the spot.

.

–About ten minutes after that.

Loki and Bruno who had been following Gallerian stood around his body.

Bruno checked his body, and then looked up at Loki.

“…Well?” Loki asked Bruno.

“…Right. There’s no doubt about it—he’s dead. He’s not breathing.”

“I see. Hahaha…”

“This bullet wound—it’s from a sniper rifle.”

Upon hearing that, Loki’s expression grew a little clouded.

“Then that means he wasn’t killed by my hunting rifle—was it ‘Shiro’?”

“Yes—I took the liberty of having Shiro on standby around here just in case.”

“Tch. Such impertinence…I wanted to be the one to do him in.”

“But your goal is still completed this way…You go on back home, Master Loki, and leave the corpse’s disposal to me.”

“Don’t be an idiot. I can’t drive the automobile. You’re coming back with me.”

“Sigh…But we must do something about the body. We could just leave it here, but there is a small chance that someone might discover it—”

“Shiro is around here, right? So have Shiro take care of it. That half-wit should be able to do that much, at least.”

Bruno nodded, and then put his fingers to his lips and whistled.

A short while after he did, I could hear footsteps out of the blizzard.

“—Shiro. I have to return with Master Loki. I leave this one…in your hands.”

The figure who had appeared silently nodded at Bruno’s words.

It was a beautiful girl with pure white hair.
