Section 2 ——Lodging in the hearts of evil——

♦Allen ~Lucifenia Kingdom's "Hall of Sounds"~

"Off with his head!"

Riliane's voice echoed throughout the whole Hall of Sounds.

The poor shackled criminal was sent to the execution station. Although he was a criminal, he didn't commit murder, robbery, or any of such
crimes. He was only guilty for contradicting our Great Highness Riliane. As a politician, he had a very good reputation, which might be the
reason why he can't tolerate the tyranny of the queen. He was filled with anger he couldn't vent out.

Riliane and the ministers held a meeting in the Hall of Sounds. And the princess personally issued judgement on the criminal, who met with
foreign guests at the ball held at the Hall of Mirrors a few days ago.

If "Contradicting princess Riliane is a crime." was written on the law, I'm afraid Leonhart's head would have been beheaded hundreds of times.
The sole reason why he's still alive, comes entirely from the the great glory of being one of the "Three Heroes".

As the trial ended, Riliane and the ministers began to leave the Hall of Sounds. And that's where I come in. Me, and another servant named
Asan, was responsible for the cleaning today.

The Hall of Sounds was used to commemorate the loyal soldiers who participated in times of War. As a memorial, a lot of decorations,
swords, rifles, and a full set of armor class equipment were placed inside the hall.

I cleaned all of them carefully. Although the weapons were easy to clean, there are some high class goods here that we, servants, could never
afford in our whole lifetime. That's why we should be careful not to break them. That's also why this kind of work could never be handed down
to Chartette.

On the other side of the room, Asan, like me, was also cleaning carefully. The majority of the palace servants are female and Asan was one of
the few male members.

"Minis! Minis, where the hell are you?!"

A loud shout suddenly sounded at the Hall. I looked up and saw Riliane, who came back to the Hall of Sounds with a grim expression and
looked around the hall.
Minis called out and quickly ran to the princess. His appearance reminded me of a puppy named Chubby, Germaine raised long ago.

"I'm here! Does the Royal Highness want anything?"

"Minis, don't you think my food is getting shabby?"

"Ah? I...... I think...... it doesn't seem right."

Asking the Prime Minister about lunch is useless, because this man's only job is handling the State. Well, even I, a servant, thinks he won't come
in handy.
Riliane continued to curse:

"This is not only about the food, I also lacked one knife! I specifically ordered that I need FIVE knives when I eat!"

"I....... I'm extremely sorry, Milady. I'll inform Mariam about the meal soon enough."

Come to think of it, she could always look for Mariam instead of Minis. But compared to the adamant Mariam, yelling at this always-trembling
little man feels much more comfortable.
