So to say, it seems that Asan was the one in charge for sending the lunch today. I hope she doesn't point a finger on him. I'm beginning to worry
about narrow-minded Asan, who seems to be looking at his past right now.

........ Asan looked very weird, his gaze was randomly changing focus point. He seems to be holding something in his hands........ Ah! A knife!

"WAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
Asan roared and dashed towards Riliane. As this happened, Riliane and Minis suddenly froze in place. I saw as Asan's knife was moving towards
Riliane's abdomen.
Riliane!

I hit Asan at once. And Riliane? Oh, she was all right.

Asan was knocked to the ground, but immediately got up, and aimed his knife towards Riliane once again. Leonhart and his professional guards
were far away from the situation, so this would certainly be a calamity. By her side, Minis did the only thing he knew to do in this kind of
situation: tremble.

——It seems that only I...... could protect Princess Riliane.——

I paid close attention to the situation and realized that I was cleaning a sword. I held on it tightly but found bad news——the sword, didn't have
an edge!

I suddenly became anxious, but I took a deep breath and turned to Asan. I calmly convinced myself that this isn't happening. Asan's posture, he's
obviously not familiar with the use of cutting tools. He's just a layman. Moreover, it's just a knife. I couldn't possibly lose against him.

I went from the sword rack to the middle of the room and gazed eyes at Asan. I immediately got his attention and he was overwhelmed to see
me. That moment——

——Clang——

I swung my sword horizontally and sent the knife flying from Asan's hands. The knife fell on the floor and Asan apparently became flustered for
being unarmed. But he immediately realized that the wall behind him was placed with guns. So he turned around and wanted to take a gun for a
weapon.

——Until——

I threw the sword to Asan's ventral area and Asan's face quickly changed color from the severe pain. Although this non-edged sword didn't
hack him to death, I resorted a lot of strength so a few of his ribs were likely dislocated.

Riliane was so scared that she didn't even speak one word, but instead foolishly watched us at one side. When she finally came back to her old
self, her always arrogant voice said:
"Quick! Seize him, quickly!"

I heard the late riot of soldiers coming to the Hall of Sounds, and dragged Asan out of the palace.

After some investigation, it was discovered that Asan was the brother of the politician who was sentenced to death earlier. It seems that he
wanted to avenge him.

The next day, Asan was also sent to the guillotine.
