♦Allen~Lucifenian Palace's "Kitchen"~

Three days have passed since the incident.

Riliane, with more anger than usual, stormed into the kitchen.

"Mariam! Where's Mariam!?!?"

The kitchen had a few chefs, while Ney and I were busy preparing dinner.

"M-Mother... She... She went outside the palace today."
Ney replied timidly.

"Oh? Well then, Ney. I have something to ask of you."

"M-m....Me? What is it?"

"I heard strange rumors circulating among the chefs that the ingredients they got from the recent barn were unnatural. Is that true?"

"Yes........ I've heard the chefs mentioning something like that."

As Ney was speaking, she looked at one of the chefs who was cutting carrots for a dish. Maybe he was too busy cutting carrots so he can't hear
them talking. Or perhaps he's just pretending to be busy because he doesn't want to be involved in such things.

"Do you servants steal food from the palace?"

"Steal? Why that's absolutely impossible, Queen Riliane! We, servants, would never dare steal food from the palace!"

"Very good. But if anyone dares to steal food from my palace, he'll immediately have his head cut off!"

"My palace". Riliane takes everything for granted. She naturally doesn't tolerate anyone who tampers with her stuff.

"Ney, it seems that you like gossip very much. Could I know why you know this stuff?"

"Uh..... T-this....."
Ney was lost for words. Perhaps aware of the bad atmosphere, the chef stopped his job and joined the ranks of the conversation.

"Your Highness, Riliane. I happened to see such a person who stole food from the Palace Barns last night!"

"What!?!! Who did this? Who!??!!"

"It's unclear, since the night was too dark for me to see him..... I didn't see what the person looked like.... But judging from his behavior and
physical appearance, I could assure you that it wasn't one of the palace servants. None of the servants were that tall to become the culprit."

Everyone in the kitchen was aware of Riliane's growing anger. If it goes on like this, all of the people here are most likely to lose their heads.

"Our Royal Highness Riliane, I know. I know who is the culprit."

After listening to Ney's words, Riliane looked at her with a face filled with anger.

"Really?!?!? Then, who is it? Say it, quickly!!!"

"Yes.... Well, it's....."
