I told her that method once. It seems that Riliane lost her memory but in some twisted way, she managed to remember this.

"........ Why do you want to kill Captain Leonhart?......."

"I need to explain that too? You know, the difference between me and him is like fire and ice. Plus, that thing with the Palace Barns...... had
made my patience reach it's limit! Why does that guy need to object my views every single time?…… Ah——I hate him, I really hate him!"

Riliane's anger changed the tone of her voice. But she immediately went back to normal and cough midly as if to adjust the atmosphere.

"And, did you know? That guy looks loyal on the outside, but he actually had many secret love affairs before. I also heard that during a war,
even if he knew that they weren't enemies, he killed many compatriots and kidnapped a baby from the compromised countries. It is also said
that he's actually attempting to subvert our country, and so on........"

"Those rumors.... Who told you these?"

"Ney."

Ney looks honest, but she's a little loose-tounged and really loves to pass gossip among people. All those rumors ciculating among the maids,
and even that thing Riliane ordered just now, all those rumors are basically coming from Ney's mouth.

"Do you refuse to believe my answer?"

Perhaps reading my facial expressions, Riliane gazed at my face and said:

"You think these rumors aren't true? Indeed, Ney is loose-tongued, but she isn't that type of woman who lies. Moreover....... As other people
would say: There's no smoke when there's no fire."
Riliane continued.

"That thing you wrote on the parchment..... That sentence alone is enough for me to kill him. Because his prestige isn't small...... I will be
misunderstood by the public if I kill him. So I thought of a way! Since I can't kill him in public, I will kill him silently!"

Riliane's innocent face was filled with pride for this plan.

(Hmmm, it seems that I have thought of a good idea!)

Inadvertently, I recalled my younger years.

(In fact, I stumbled upon a channel inside the warm stove! We can both leave the palace, together!)

Even if she lost her memory, she's still my older sister...... And all, but......

"I think...... I can't beat Captain Leonhart with my capabilities."

I finally managed to squeeze out such a reply.

"Relax, I have a plan."

Riliane told me all about her scheme.

I see, using this kind of method might actually succeed...... But.......

"You must not tell anyone else about this. This is a secret between the two of us."

(This is a secret between the two of us!)
