♦Allen~Lucifenian Palace's Heavenly Yard~

Three o'clock.

The drunk and pretending to be gone with the wind, Leonhart was humming to himself as he walked at the empty courtyard. Seeing this, I stood
in front of him.

"You don't seem to be drunk lightly."

Listening to me, Leonhart replied with a flushed face:

"Oh～～～～～Allen ah, *cough*～～～～～～～ I really resisted alcohol, but today I encountered a very pleasing matter～～～～I
accidentally drank too much."

"This way, if someone attacks you, I'm afraid you won't withstand a single blow."

"Probably～～～～～～～But that's unlikely. Hurrah～～～～～ah! Right on! I have something to give you……"

I pulled out a sword——a sword Riliane lent me. Upon seeing this, Leonhart's expression immediately froze.

"…… What do you mean, Allen?"

"What I mean is: You have to die here, Captain Leonhart."

At that moment, I discovered that Leonhart pulled out a sword and was laid out in a posture. Good, it's time for him to do so.

"Who ordered you to do this? This can't be your personal decision."

"…… I won't tell."

Leonhart was soon disillusioned and said:

"I can see now who ordered you.......You turned out to be like this ah. Now I see that this was all a trap from the very start."

I slowly shortened my distance between Leonhart.

"I'm not usually your enemy…… But now, can you, with those staggering footsteps, escape my sword?"

"As a swordsman, you don't attack me from behind. Indeed, that's how swordsmen do it, which is commendable. But……!"

Leonhart suddenly lowered his body and slashed his sword horizontally.

I was thinking of swiftly moving backwards to escape the blow……but it was too late! I was only able to use my sword to fend off the blow to
avoid being chopped horizontally, followed by an opportunity to get my legs cut off——this is Lucifenian fencing. But Leonhart immediately
adjusted his posture, like he had already guessed that what I was thinking was generally to avoid the attack. This is the technique that
immediately reflects the experience gap between us.

"You speak too much in combat."

Leonhart smiled slightly, as if to tell me that he was relaxed.

"Our skills are no different from each other."

I removed the sword from the rack & centered it in front of me. I better not hold back this time.
