"……'Unicorn Style', your original move, Allen."

"If I use the moves that you taught me, it's likely that you see through my moves pretty easily."

Leonhart raised his sword as high as his head, and aimed me with his sharp blade. The "Bull Style".... his favorite move.

After being stationary for a few seconds, it was followed by.....!

This is my turn to launch an attack!

……
……
……

As I originally expected, I should know the outcome within a few minutes.

However, as I swung my sword across the air, he used his sword to block my attack. He's too strong, which is the true strength of one of the
"Three Heroes"! Even if he's drunk, I still can't battle him!

Only then did I discover that he has a passive side. I wanted to move back a few steps to distance myself from him, but a wall was behind me.

"Well…… You've become stronger, Allen."

Leonhart breathed very rapidly.

"I will not kill you, but…… you have to resign from your duties of being a servant. In fact,…… in this way,…… We can be together with
Germaine…… Just three people…… living in harmony."

At that moment, Leonhart weakened and knelt on the ground.

"Damn…… I'm dying…… My body…… can't move……"

I walked from the wall to Leonhart's side.

"Finally, it took effect…… Or I should say: it has already took effect long ago, but you have been fighting it back……"

"The wine…… You put drugs in it!"

"Chronic Anesthesia. I wasn't able to find any highly toxic poison…… Fortunately, I happened to find this. To be honest, I was still afraid that I
will lose against you."

I raised my sword, and was ready to give him a final blow.

Leonhart's legs could no longer hold the weight of his body and fell on the ground.

At the same time, something rolled out from his arms.

"……？"

I looked closely and saw a small but beautifully decorated…… Hand Mirror?

"Ah…… That's…… for your birthday a few days ago…… I went back here because I thought you would like it…… Since you and the Royal
Highness share the same birthday,…… I was surprised that I completely forgotten about it, sorry."
