I looked at it carefully…… This decoration, it's like I know it from somewhere……

"It's the same as…… Riliane's. But I just got this from a bargain…… and it's fake. You, the person who serves in the palace,…… have to pay
attention…… to your appearance."

"Leonhart……Why…… Why do you want to kill Riliane?"

I was still holding my sword and asked in such a way.

"……? I don't know what you're saying……"

"Since you're playing dumb, forget it."

I threw the sword and pierced his chest.

"……! Ugh!"

"…… This way, no one will go against her."

I pulled out the sword and red blood splashed around my surroundings. Hey, I cleaned that carefully before the Z line.

"…… It really hurts. It's terrible ah, I'm gonna…… die."

"Farewell, the heroic Leonhart."

"…… All right…… In the end, you never called me 'Daddy". Seriously…… Why…… did you have to kill me?……"

I have to protect her, protect that lonely girl.

My sight blurred. Why? Why is there blood splattering?

"You've became 'under the hands of the Daughter of Evil'. Hey, since there is no other way…… Allen…… Let me remind you of one last
thing:…… Be careful…… and…… don't cry."

After leaving this sentence, Leonhart didn't move anymore.

Riliane is very lonely.

Even if she is surrounded by millions of people in the palace, all of them are her enemies. But don't worry, I will protect you. As long as you're
smiling on your throne, your life isn't on the line.

Under the hands of the "Daughter of Evil"? It doesn't matter.

If it's in order to protect you,
I will become evil for you.
