"Sister…… Do you want me to cheer you up?…… _weep_…… _weep\*\*cry_"

I picked up my Dad's upper body. His face was very pale. No big deal. As long as the wine he drinks is red, Daddy gets drunk very easily on top
of…… _weep_ Don't…… Daddy, DON'T DIE!

"NO! FATHER, FATHER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"

When I woke up, I was at Chartette's home. I come here often, since my father visits the blacksmith regularly.

Chartette said that after I yelled, I fainted.

Her father offered me some soup but I declined. Food is scarce nowadays, keep this soup so you'll have something to drink—— I told him. The
father put his hand on my shoulder and quietly nodded his head; turned back to his workplace.

"The nearby residents found him this morning. His chest was stabbed…… Maybe someone……"

Chartette told me it in detail, but I didn't listen to most of it.

Who? Who killed Daddy? No, Dad's impossible to kill, because he's more powerful than the prospective. Dad's one of the "Three Heroes", and
he's the Commander of the Guards. Dad's isn't possibly dead. However, it's a fact that he was killed. Daddy was killed. But who? Who killed
Daddy? Where did Dad go yesterday? He went to whom again?

That guy. Daddy went to that guy. Who's that guy? Nothing but the Queen, the Daughter of Evil. She. She killed my father. Daughter of Evil,
Riliane, is my Dad's killer. That girl. That girl killed Daddy. SHE SHE SHE SHE SHE SHE SHE SHE SHE SHE KILLED DADDY.

But what will I do? How do I deal with her? How do I deal with my Dad's killer? Kill her. Since she killed Daddy, I'll kill her. Revenge. Right, I
must get my revenge. To that guy. I must get revenge to the Daughter of Evil, revenge to Riliane. Revenge…… I WANT REVENGE!

Dad's funeral was held in a cemetery on a hill. The Palace offered to give him a public funeral, but I refused.

Even so, there were many Royal people who attended the funeral day. The ones who were Dad's subordinates cried, there were also ones who
wailed angrily.

The other two of the "Three Heroes" also were on the field. Mariam saw my silence and held me in her arms. She didn't cry, but her shoulders
were shaking. Elluka, with a girl who seems to be her apprentice, also attended the funeral. I nodded my head to lightly regard a greeting. She
went to the tomb and cursed "DIMWIT" then left.

Also attending the funeral, there seems to be a King from another family. Although I don't know him, he should have been my father's old
acquaintance. This must be a secret between them. That person seems to be almost my age, a really young king. After the funeral, the blue-
haired man quietly left

I vow to my father's tomb.

Dad, it's okay. I will certainly take my revenge, revenge for you.

No. This is not only for my father, but also for all the commoners of the country.

Even if the whole Royal Palace was my enemy, I will not back down.

If it's in order to overthrow the Queen,
I will become evil for you.
