For Sateriasis, relations with women was now the same as eating and breathing: a normal part of his everyday life.

Currently, there are five women in the mansion’s basement. He played with the four of them (excluding I.R.) nightly, indulging in pleasure.

It was due to the power of the demon dwelling in his body not weakening, of course.

However, if it was only for that, he wouldn’t need multiple women as his partners. It wasn’t clear whether there was a single woman in the world who could take\* Sateriasis’ extraordinary lust.

Because of that, Sateriasis wasn’t necessarily ensnaring women recklessly. It’s precisely because he earnestly loved the four of them equally that he invited them to his mansion.

――To be precise, Mikulia was only somewhat, due to the course of events, but still part of it.

(Loving more than one woman simultaneously. Who decided that was immoral? The church? The government? Or was it the gods?)

At any rate, the Sateriasis who exchanged a contract with a demon had no reason to follow that.

After he finished his love affair with Mirigan that day, a red cat appeared before Sateriasis once he left her room.

“You seem to have a visitor, Duke.”

She pointed her nose at the ceiling as she said so.

“A visitor?”

“I saw him in front of the main entrance just now. It’s…… your uncle. There’re several others accompanying him.”

“Really…… that’s just perfect. I’ve been thinking I should meet with Lord Glassred soon.”

While putting his appearance in order, Sateriasis headed up to the first floor.

Marquis Glassred had already been waiting for Sateriasis in the entrance hall.

“My apologies for keeping you waiting, Lord Uncle.”

“Oh, Lord Sateriasis! Forgive me for allowing myself in without permission. You see, this mansion doesn’t…… have any servants, correct?”

Was that supposed to be an excuse or sarcasm? Without letting his offended feelings show on the surface, Sateriasis welcomed him with a nonchalant face.

(As I thought, I dislike him…… this man)

It felt like Lord Glassred exuded a coarseness characteristic of someone who was suddenly raised above you in the world like that. Nothing to do about it, but Sateriasis couldn’t put up with it.

“So, what brought you here today? …… so late at night.”

“Why, I hadn’t seen your face in a long time. I came to see how you were looking…… and I also wanted to discuss a few things.”

If that’s the case, there was no need for it to be this very night――that Marquis Glassred was even here now only increased Sateriasis’ irritation, but there was something he wanted to hear from him. So, he patiently let it pass.

“For the time being, let’s talk in the drawing room.”

It was the room ahead when exiting down the right end of the entrance hall. Lukana cleaned it to pristine condition before joining Sateriasis’ harem and he hadn’t been in it much either so it should be neat and tidy.

“Well then, pardon me for disturbing you…… Gumina, you come too.”

“!”

(”Gumina”……!?)

The very name he was trying to ask Marquis Glassred about came from his mouth.

And then, the one poking her face in from outside――.

“…… It’s been a long time, Lord Sateriasis.”

A white dress with a large floral decoration. Green hair.

It was the appearance of the “Gumina” he was searching for that he had envisioned in his mind.

The discussion Marquis Glassred visited the mansion for was basically giving a report about the continuous women disappearance incident occurring in Asmodean.

Of course, Sateriasis is the one causing the incident.

The Marquis didn’t have the slightest clue that he was the criminal.

He had removed the memories regarding the Lukana and Mikulia matter from the people involved via the “ritual” and was since carrying it out as carefully as possible to avoid leaving any witnesses. So, although it was natural for it to be taking its course, Sateriasis was somewhat relieved to be able to confirm it from the Marquis’ own mouth.

Rather than talks of the incident, Sateriasis’ eyes were dispossessed toward who the Marquis brought, Gumina.

She was a relative of the Glassred family after all. On the contrary, she was the daughter of its patriarch, the Marquis.

(Even though she was so close, to have not found her until now……)

Seeing Sateriasis’ eyeline, Marquis Glassred made a big grin while starting to speak.

“Have your memories returned, perhaps?”

“No…… not fully yet.”

It would seem that answer was disappointing for the Marquis; he didn’t hide his disappointed expression.

“…… Then what of my daughter, Gumina……”

“I remembered her face. But, nothing more…… I had forgotten she was even your daughter until actually meeting her just now.”

“Really now…… But if so, then bringing her was the correct answer after all.”

Marquis Glassred turned to Gumina, sitting next to him, and spoke.

“Gumina. From this day forward, you shall live together with Lord Sateriasis.”

“Huh!?”

“Huh!?”

Gumina and Sateriasis raised their surprised voices in unison.

“There’s nothing peculiar about it. The two of you are engaged.”

“En…… gaged!?”

(Gumina and I…… are fiancés!?)

It was a surprising revelation to Sateriasis but at the same time didn’t make sense.

Having lost his memories, Sateriasis’ conversation with Gumina often sprung to mind.

During it, she looked down at Sateriasis with a cold gaze and spoke abusively ill of him.

――If the two of them were engaged like he says, then what was that about?

While Sateriasis and Marquis Glassred conversed, Gumina had a more listless face, keeping it low and silent.

This was the attitude of a woman before her fiancé?

In the first place, why hadn’t she ever to come to see Saterasis up until now?

If she had heard her fiancé and family had lost his memories and locked himself in his mansion alone, shouldn’t she have rushed over to him first and foremost?

(Do you…… not love me, Gumina?)

As soon as that sprung to Saterasis’ mind, he was conflicted between an all the more irresistible affection for Gumina and a fierce hatred toward her.

(What had…… what had happened…… between Gumina and I!?)

“What’s wrong, Lord Sateriasis? Are you feeling unwell?”

Through Marquis Glassred’s words, Sateriasis returned to them.

“Oh…… yes, forgive me.”

“I’ll have Gumina’s personal belongings immediately brought to the mansion tomorrow.”

“No…… please wait a moment.”

With Sateriasis’ confused inner thoughts, he reined in Marquis Glassred’s proposal. There were the women in the basement. Once Gumina comes, they would be immediately found and he’d be exposed to the light of day.

“I’ve said it from the start. I want to live in this mansion alone for the time being.”

“Still saying that……! Even though I heard you had begun going outside again recently……!”

“That’s another story entirely. Anyhow, give me…… a little time.”

“Such poor sense…… Lord Sateriasis, you’re the one who is to govern Asmodean! Even you should understand what poor appearance you have in such a state!!”

Marquis Glassred got up and angrily yelled at Sateriasis.

Silence followed for a short while.

Unable to withstand the awkward atmosphere, Gumina opened her mouth for the first time.

“Father…… Lord Saterasis may be more anguished over these intense circumstances than we might think. To forcibly move this topic forward is still――”

“You be silent!!”

Furious at his daughter’s advice, Marquis Glassred directed the blunt of his wrath toward Gumina.

But, shouting at his daughter calmed him down somehow. He spit out a big sigh with a “Hauuu” and sat back down in his chair with a loud sound.

“…… Still, you’re right. However, Lord Sateriasis. You should still meet with Gumina sometimes. You shared a relationship with my daughter since an early age. There might be a chance you’ll regain your memories by talking to her.”

Even Saterasis wanted that. There were a lot of things he wanted to hear from her.

“Is that all right…… Gumina?”

Gumina nodded to the question from her father, approving.

“Good…… now then, if you’ll excuse us. I have political matters to attend to in the morning. Enjoy your free time before it’s too late. What I’m doing now is what you, Lord Sateriasis――no, Duke Venomania, must do sooner or later.”

After speaking that sarcasm, Marquis Glassred finally left the mansion together with Gumina and his chamberlains.

---

\*The term 受け止める means to “catch, stop the blow of, react to,” etc.
