Terribly sorry to keep you waiting.

This is today’s meat dish, XXXX Steak.

By letting a top grade lean cut of XXXX stand at low temperature for three days its savory flavor is freely condensed, and so it tastes delicious even without the addition of seasonings or sau–

.

–Huh!? You could barely hear that?

Well then I’ll say it one more time. The steak is a steak.

You’ve eaten steak before, haven’t you?

.

–“That’s not what I mean”?

–“Tell me about the main ingredient”?

–“Why are you saying that part in such a low voice”?

Does that really matter so much? The kind of meat’s not really that big a deal.

The important thing is how it’s prepared.

In any case this is our very own chef’s proud work.

Now please, eat.

.

–Well then, I’ll continue the story of Banica Conchita. As the fourteenth cook that she had employed had passed away, she ended up hiring a new one.

The fifteenth cook was a Marlon, and he went by the name of Joseph.

Meanwhile, even stranger events were occurring in the Conchita territory. Its denizens were starting to be murdered by pure white monsters.

Those monsters were, of course, corpses that had been transformed by the bizarre power of the wineglass, and as such the lord of the area ignored her people’s complaints.

But the cases caused by the white monsters continued on. The voice of the people would not be silenced. Eventually these incidents ended up reaching the ears of Empress Juno herself–

“Thank you for the wait. Here is today’s lunch.”

A blue haired man timidly set down a dish before Conchita.

A long, tube-like object was coiled up on top of the dish. It was a tiger intestine that had been sent for from the far East, and furthermore it was filled with stringy bugs.

Parasite sausage–Conchita put this into her mouth without hesitation, and then began to carefully chew it.

The popping sound of the parasites being smashed in her teeth echoed through the quiet dining room.

“…It doesn’t have much punch. But, it’s not bad,” Conchita said, giving her thoughts after swallowing the sausage and wiping her chin with a napkin. “As I’d expect of the nomad chef, Joseph. Such superb skill♥”

Conchita’s smile made it clear that her words weren’t just flattery.

“Th-thank you most kindly.”

Upon being praised, Joseph bowed with an expression that was, for some reason, stiff.

“A long time ago, when I was journeying through foreign countries, I heard rumors of you. That there was a remarkable chef who traveled the world, honing his skills. I chased after you, absolutely wanting to meet you, but at that time I ultimately wasn’t able to find you. After hearing that you’d already died in Lioness, I gave up on my search.”

Conchita had used the “Association” to gather information on superior chefs and rare ingredients.

She had been acquainted with them ever since she’d begun her journey for food research. It wasn’t desirable for a noble to hold a connection to such underhanded operators. But the “Association”’s intelligence network was much more invaluable to her than the inaccurate gossip of public figures.

And they also had their own particular distribution routes. In general things like weapons and illegal drugs were products of little interest to Conchita, but if she were to rely on them she could obtain with comparative ease rare ingredients like, for example, the tiger intestines that she’d eaten that day.

They were neutral towards all political powers, and no matter how much money she paid them they would not become subservient to Conchita. It was likely that the “Association” would sell off information that was disadvantageous for her to someone. But Conchita had no intention of taking them to task over it. There was a great deal of merit in approving of their existence.

She had also received info from the “Association” that Joseph was alive. They had determined where he was located, and so Conchita had paid them to instruct him to come to her mansion.

The first time that she had seen Joseph, she felt as though she’d met him somewhere before. He looked like someone, but she couldn’t remember who. As Joseph didn’t appear to know Conchita himself, she assumed it was a simple mistake, and the thought vanished from her mind.

Conchita had promised him an extraordinary wage to keep him from rejecting her invitation. It was a much larger sum than was received even by the cooks who prepared the Empress’ food.

She had taken the same measures with all the cooks that she’d employed before Joseph. At first they’d been dazzled at the pay and pushed ahead with serving Conchita on their own, but eventually they’d gradually become sick, grow more taciturn, develop sunken cheeks, and then finally disappear from her altogether.

But in this regard Joseph was different from the others. He indifferently created all of the grotesque dishes that she instructed him to, without balking at the contents. Though a full week had passed he didn’t show any sign of mental exhaustion.

When Conchita asked him if he had made any meals like them before, Joseph replied that he hadn’t.

“It is precisely because I haven’t that I’m enjoying myself–I can feel the potential for new dishes.”

Conchita rejoiced, as it seemed she had finally met the chef she had longed for.

In actuality, when it came to cooking Arte was able to handle things in her own right. That was because it was her role to put into practice the cooking techniques that Banica learned during her journeys. If she would work doubletime as cook then there would be no need for anyone new, but Arte hated doing it. And as Arte would often make shoddy work by cutting corners whenever she was forced to make meals, Conchita couldn’t help but want a practiced cook who would do their job properly.

“I haven’t eaten my fill yet, bring me seconds.”

Conchita passed back the empty plate to Joseph.

“Y-yes. Right awa–Augh!”

After receiving the plate Joseph flusteredly tried to get back to the kitchen, but two or three steps after he’d turned around his feet slipped, and he heartily tumbled to the floor.

The sound of a plate breaking reverberated through the dining room.

“Ouch…Why is there a banana peel in a spot like this?” Joseph moaned, picking up a yellow peel in his hands.

“Good grief, when it comes to anything outside of cooking you’re positively useless,” Conchita said in a flabbergasted tone, looking down on Joseph.

The only time the man looked dependable was when he was cooking. All other times he was cowering and dissatisfying. His face looked fairly put together, but he was steeped in the aura of a man such a wreck he was doomed to come to nothing.

“Ah-haah…Sorry.”

Joseph finally stood up, and apologetically hung his head.

“Leave the plate shards to Arte and Pollo–you just focus on cooking for me in the kitchen.”

“Of course…”

Joseph returned to the kitchen with a nervous gait.

–But midway through his foot caught on something again and he fell to his knees.

“…Why are there banana peels lying around in succession like this?”

From somewhere they heard the sound of a boy laughing, a “Geheehee”.
