Apparently, his facial transformation wasn’t permanent.

According to AB-CIR there was a chance he would revert to his old face again.

He explained to Carlos that his technique was a “curse”.

“It was done so that if you abandon your role and try to run away, I will be able to kill you, no matter how far away you are.”

Carlos didn’t know if those words were true or a bluff, but in either case he had no intentions of running away.

He came to the mansion and saw for himself that Banica had changed.

There were no longer any normal foods in the meals that she ate. Disgusting ingredients–mixed in with some things that you couldn’t even call food–were brought to the mansion every day, and disguised as Joseph Carlos had to cook them. He would pretend to be calm outwardly to please her, but in truth he was unbearably disgusted.

Despite having studied a little, Carlos’ skills in cooking was after all only that of a novice. He was certain he wouldn’t be able to satisfy a gourmand like Banica, but she ate the meals Carlos made for her every day with clear delight. It wasn’t completely out of the question that Carlos had talent in making grotesque dishes, but it was clear that Banica’s sense of taste had become quite twisted.

It wasn’t just the food. Just as the female thief had said, she was “keeping” several bizarre animals in the mansion.

White pigs, white chickens, white cows, white dogs, white monkeys–

To anyone outside of Banica and her retainers they displayed a very ferocious disposition. Carlos couldn’t handle them, so in the event that he was using their meat in cooking it was Pollo’s job to kill them.

Even worse, every so often the white animals would flee the mansion. The estate was short on hands, so despite the place being surrounded by tall walls they weren’t able to completely prevent their escape. As already stated they were ferocious by nature, so Carlos would catch word that villagers in the town below had been killed by white animals. But Banica took no measures to solve that problem.

Once, Banica had been concerned for people who couldn’t eat as much as they wanted. Not only did she think nothing of the death of her own citizens, but she continued to create the cause for it.

AB-CIR had ordered Carlos to obtain the wineglass. Carlos guessed that perhaps the source of her having changed so much was a result of the item that the sorcerer was collecting–the wineglass. In that case, perhaps everything could be resolved by fulfilling AB-CIR’s orders.

The wineglass was in the basement, but Carlos was forbidden from entering anywhere inside save for the larder. The other three rooms were locked, and he couldn’t get inside. He didn’t even know who had the key.

It seemed the only choice he had was to continue pretending to be a cook and wait for an opportunity.
