His life of creating strange dishes continued on for a while

He understand well why all of the other cooks up to now had run away. Carlos himself was allowed to eat normal food, but those who found worth in their work as a cook would probably got sick of making such childishly rough meals. Fortunately Carlos was not a legitimate chef, and so he didn’t have much pride in his cooking.

The previous cooks undoubtedly felt some repulsion at living with a deviant like Banica in the first place. Looking at a woman who would greedily devour such repulsive things every day would probably take a toll on their mental state. But in that regard as well, Carlos stopped caring about it as much as he had at first.

Certainly Banica was a pervert who liked to eat evil foods, and her personality was fairly warped as well, but she had a great deal of womanly charm that canceled it out. He had thought her features themselves to be quite fair since long before, but now that she’d gotten thinner her beauty shone through even more.

If Banica had showed up before Carlos with her current appearance thirteen years ago, he would have undoubtedly been smitten with her. He probably would have accepted an engagement without any relation to the reasoning of the royal family. That was how bewitching Banica had become.

Long ago, he had liked to see Banica talking spiritedly about food. And there were times when the Banica of now showed that same innocent expression from back then. That was of course whenever she was talking about food, but the subject had changed from cows and vegetables to bugs and poisonous mushrooms.

His circumstances had greatly changed, but he had been able to secure a chance to meet once more the girl that he had thought he would never see again. Carlos was beginning to realize that he felt a little bit of happiness in his life in this mansion.

The twins were as intrusive as they had ever been. Nothing about them had changed at all from long ago.

No, they were too unchanging.

Why on earth did they still look like children?

Of course he couldn’t ask the two of them directly. “Joseph”, who had only just met them, wouldn’t know anything about their past.

The twins were too unchanging, and Banica had changed too much.

A strange atmosphere, like the concept of time had been toppled from its roots, had spread through the mansion.
