With the end of the year approaching, it had grown incredibly chilly.

Here in Lucifenia the climate was cold year round, but even so there still existed differences in temperature due to the seasons. In summer there were days where the blazing sun would make one perspire, and there were occasions in winter periods like right then where snow would fall.

Like every year, at the end of the year they would be holding the nativity festival. That was something that celebrated the day the “Twins of God” were born. It seemed the constituents of the great Levin church were already beginning preparations for it. When the day came the main street that ran before my shop would be gaudily strung up, and the thoroughfare would be bustling. That was how it always was.

And “Santa Claus”—that saint wearing red clothes—would likely again appear in the orphanages, and hand out wonderful presents to the children there. They would be merry, and feel deep gratitude towards her. And so Santa Claus achieved ever more fame from the people. That was also something that usually happened.

I knew that Santa Claus had ambitions.

She’d stand at the top of this country someday—For that, Santa Claus needed to become popular. Her donations to the orphans was little more than one link in her larger plan. She had even gone to adopt one of the orphans as her son. Her profound benevolence certainly tugged people’s heartstrings. Even if it was all a lie.

Santa Claus most certainly wasn’t any kind of saint. On the contrary, she was a promoter of “evil” that was in the process of undermining this country…no—undermining the entire world. Society didn’t know about that, but I did.

As to why I knew, that’s because I was another component that this “evil” was comprised of.

“Seventh, Magician”—That was my other name, which I had received from “First, Santa Claus”. I never used that name publicly. It was a nickname that was only ever to be used when being called by my associates.

Ostensibly, my occupation was as a “fortune-teller”. Naturally, I had no ability to tell the future whatsoever. Unlike Santa Claus and Shadow, I had no basic magical abilities.

She was continuing to hide it from the world at large, but Santa Claus was able to able to use magic that exceeded human knowledge. And the lone, superior apprentice for such a woman was “Fourth, Shadow”. The two of them had taken my common sense, believing that sorcerers and the like were merely a fairy tale that existed only in fables, and turned it upside down with the greatest of ease.

But as for those two being able to tell the future, it wasn’t so. It seemed that even Santa Claus and Mayrana, capable sorcerers themselves, weren’t endowed with that kind of power, an extraordinary and unique power that it was.

I had earlier gotten Santa Claus to tell me tales of a family of sorcerers that had that power. “The Loop Octopus Clan”—But it’s said that this family with its characteristic pink hair had already perished a long, long time ago.

At any rate, that didn’t have any relation to me in the first place, not having any powers of a sorceress myself. Similar to how I was from before I met Santa Claus, I ran a shop here on the main street of Rollam, noncommittally foretelling the future of stupid nobles and merchants, and eking out a meagre living by giving them vague words and unreliable advice.

–Or so it appeared.

Nowadays I had come to carry out another, separate job. I didn’t have very many clients for it. But it did pay. Of course, it was a trade I couldn’t go public about.

This was also the real reason why I had been given the alias of “Magician”. I had become able to cause miracles that were like literal “magic tricks”.

That was the power I had obtained through the “Vessel of Deadly Sin” that was lent to me by Santa Claus.

Compared to the ones I got for my public job of fortune telling, all the clients who came to me for that had their peculiarities. In particular I had many non-straightforward guests visiting me around New Years.

Perhaps another guest like that would appear this year. Naturally, I had no reason to refuse if they paid me proper compensation.

But at the moment there was no sign of anyone coming to visit my shop. Not for my secret job, nor any clients seeking to have their fortune told. I leaned back in a small chair that I used for appearance’s sake. And, killing time simultaneously, I decided to think back on former clients who had come to me seeking “miracles”.

.

–This was already ten-odd years or so ago.

A man bearing blue hair, not something seen much in this area, came to call upon me.

I thought he might have been in his mid-forties. His personal appearance was neat, and as-is he looked like a rich person. So at first I couldn’t guess in that moment what he came here for.

Was he seeking a “divination” or a “miracle”?

I soon identified the answer. He set down the large bag that he’d been carrying in his right hand on the desk in front of me and carefully pulled out its contents.

It was unmistakably…a human head that had been severed from its body.

“I want you to change my face to be the same as this one,” the man requested of me.
