The man who had carried a head into my shop, and requested that I perform a “miracle”–

“You can do it, can’t you? ‘Seventh, Magician’,” he stated, in an overbearing manner.

“…Who is it that you came to hear about me from?”

I had to confirm that first thing. Although, people who know of that alias and my powers were quite limited. Someone among my comrades probably referred him to me.

“‘First Santa Claus’. I heard that in Rollam there is ‘a fortuneteller who can completely change a person’s face’.”

“I see…Name?”

“Do you mean me? Or…Do you want to know the identity of this one here?”

The man pointed at the freshly severed head that he was carrying.

It was the head of a man. The blood was cleanly wiped off. Its age seemed to be about the same as the man who was carrying it, I supposed. And he also had blue hair that had grown from his head.

“I would appreciate it if you could tell me both, if you can.”

“Is that necessary for you to show me your ‘trick’?”

“I’m not saying that it’s obligatory. But lending a hand to someone that I don’t really know that well doesn’t feel good to me. To say nothing of the kind of person who walks in carrying a freshly severed head without so much as hesitating…hm?”

“…I am Kaidor Blankeheim. And when this head was alive, it carried the name of Bruno Marlon,” the man replied, in a way that felt reluctant.

I remembered having heard both names before.

Kaidor Blankenheim I believed to have been a noble from Elphegort…or to be more accurate, a man who used to be a noble. I had read articles in the newspaper some time ago about his escape after the murder of his wife, and subsequent banishment from the Blankenheim family.

And the man named Bruno Marlon—Certainly, that must have been the name of the leader of the Freezis Foundation, a close associate of Shaw Freezis.

“In short, you seek to act in the place of this man called Bruno that you killed—is that correct, Lord Kaidor?”

“I don’t remember saying anything about my having killed Bruno.”

“But with these circumstances I can’t imagine it was anyone else.”

“…Hmph. That matter isn’t worth worrying about. What I want to ask is whether or not you can do this.”

Kaidor glared at me with coercive eyes. Eyes that implied in his manner that this man might decide to kill me too if I refused.

“Of course I can do it…I only need to receive suitable compensation.”

Kaidor immediately deposited a large bundle that seemed to hold gold coins onto the desk.

“Advance payment. In the event that I’m able to successfully get into the Freezis Foundation, I’ll pay you double this much.”

“…That’ll do. Well then, this way.”

I led him to the interior of the store.

“Lie down here, please. I’ll be finished shortly.”

I indicated the bed that had been prepared, and Kaidor obeyed without a word, lying face up.

“Lord Kaidor…One last thing I’ll confirm beforehand. Changing your face is, namely, abandoning the life that you’ve led up until now—Are you prepared for that?”

“…It doesn’t matter. I’ve already been driven from my place as a noble—and if I continue this way I’ll just die a dog’s death. I’ve got no lingering feelings towards a life like that.”

“Can you really swear that’s true?”

“Ah…No, if I do dare say one thing, it’s not that I have no regrets. However—it’s precisely because I do that I must still change my face.”

“–? What does that mean?”

“Before I left my family, I entrusted my own son in the care of my younger brother—Karl. It seems that lately, that child has been growing into a face that looks a lot like mine. As it is now, sooner or later there will come people who realize that we are father and child. All the more if I’m arrested and exposed to the public…See?”

“…Understood. Well then—Let’s get started, shall we?”

I unsheathed the vessel of deadly sin that I had left in there—“The Venom Sword”.

.

Kaidor still lives on even now as “Bruno Marlon”.

Lately it seems he desires to become one of our associates—One can easily imagine the reason for that.

But whether or not Santa Claus will accept it…I can’t say.

The people who desire my “miracles” are generally criminals like Kaidor.

For the sake of washing away their sullied personal histories, and starting a new life–

But at times there exist those for whom that’s not so.

Only once has one of the associates of our organization—“Pere Noel”—sought out and requested my “miracle”.

That was Mayrana Blossom–

The woman called “Fourth, Shadow”.
