Mother.

What kind of fortune does this path lead to?

…Over there, will we be able to eat lots of our favorite snacks?

.

Father.

Beyond this point, is god waiting for us?

…Why do you look at us with such sad faces?

.

–Two years had passed since the destruction of the Magic Kingdom Levianta, and the surrounding countries were steadily managing to regain some sense of calm. On the other hand, however, the negative impact brought about by the obliteration of a great nation such as that was gradually becoming more serious.

In the case of Asmodean, which had had diplomatic relations with the Magic Kingdom, they were suffering a severe decline in their economic and military power, and it was becoming increasingly harder to fend off invasion attempts as Beelzenia to the south took advantage of their situation.

In the “country of green”, Elphegort, where Nyoze was currently located, they were dealing with a much more direct impact. That is, famine and food shortages brought about by changes in the climate. This country was known for its abundance of natural resources, yet the “black wind” flowing in from Levianta to the north was rapidly causing that to wither.

The Forest of Held was no exception. The northern half had already turned into a completely dead wasteland (though that was largely due to the destruction of its trees by the flames unleashed during the Catastrophe), and the vegetation in the remaining southern half of the Forest of Held was growing weaker by the day.
“We’re having trouble too…I’m worried that the forest animals are all going to starve,” one of the denizens of the forest complained to Nyoze. The Forest of Held was known for boasting a wide variety of animals; to the people who lived there, those animals were both friends and also a source of food (though, there were several forest villages who forbade hunting). If the animals all died out, then the food shortages the people faced would grow even more severe.

They couldn’t count on receiving any aid from the other countries. All of them, particularly Asmodean, had their hands full with their own problems.

Nyoze himself had received countless orders to return back to Asmodean. This past half year alone he had been forced to go back dozens of times.

Thanks to that, his search for the “Twins of God” had become extremely difficult. The only hint he had was that they lived in the Forest of Held. Gammon had always been sparse with the things he said, but he would have liked to have just a bit more information than that.

That being said, there was no longer any way for him to meet with Gammon. Back then, the moment the music box was taken outside the “happy country”, it, along with the gears inside, turned to particles of light and vanished. The old man from the ruins of Lighwatch Temple was also nowhere to be found.

After that, Nyoze’d had no choice but to muddle through somehow on his own.

He didn’t know what the “Twins of God” looked like. As to their gender…If the reports were accurate, he was looking for a male and female pair. And as to their age…Calculating from the year that Meta Salmhofer gave birth, that would make them currently about fourteen.
For half a year, Nyoze had gone through several villages inside the Forest of Held and searched for children that matched those conditions, but he hadn’t found them.

How long would this investigation continue on for?…The king of Asmodean clearly didn’t think well of Nyoze’s frequent expeditions. If this kept up, it would imperil Nyoze’s position in Asmodean.

Nyoze and the country of Asmodean—That connection originated from his cherished wife, Luchesis.

Four years ago, when Nyoze visited the country for diplomacy reasons, he had fallen in love with a beautiful woman with pink hair. Their association began in earnest after Nyoze made his move on her, and when they were finally engaged to be married he learned for the first time that she was the fourth daughter of the king of Asmodean.

There was a bit of a dispute after that, but…the ultimate form things took was that after his marriage Nyoze would continue his job as senator in Levianta, and Luchesis would for the time being continue to live in Asmodean.

From then on Nyoze had led his life traveling back and forth between both countries, but…Yes, that day…several days before Irina’s inauguration as queen, he’d received word that Luchesis had given birth.

Nyoze could remember agonizing over whether he should go to Asmodean or not. He was after all the proxy head of the queen selection process. He had an obligation to be there for the inauguration of the chosen candidate.

He’d eventually resolved to go see his wife and child when the ceremony was over…But just as he’d decided that, Gammon had come to see Nyoze for once.

Then he’d strongly advised Nyoze to go to Asmodean—Thinking on it now, Gammon must have been sending Nyoze to safety in case the worst happened.

To protect him from the Catastrophe.

And to task him with the role of changing fate in his place.

If Gammon really did have “knowledge of the future”, then he must have known beforehand that Nyoze would wander into the “happy country” too.

.

This would probably wind up being his last visit to Elphegort.

It was for that reason that he couldn’t help but pray that the only lead he’d managed to get would take him to the “Twins of God” this time.

Until this point, he had thought that all of the people in the Forest of Held were living in one of the forest villages.

However…Though few in number, there were some homes that stood deeper in the forest away from those villages, and there were people dwelling in them.

They would make their living as woodcutters or the like, and apparently from time to time they would come to the towns and villages to trade goods.

“There was a guy who brought twins with him, among that number,” one of the forest denizens informed him. “There were a bit more articles he brought in on that day than normal. I guess the kids came along to help their old man. Though…to tell you the truth, they don’t look like they’re related at all. Their hair and eye colors don’t match.”

Nyoze asked about how old the twins were, and the particulars on this father of theirs.

“Their age…About ten?—No, a bit higher I think. As for the dad, I don’t know him that well. We only have a bartering relationship, after all. He’s got blue hair, and as I recall his name was—”
–Cain.

The man named Cain Daybreak lived deep in the forest with his twin children.

After asking around several other people, Nyoze learned the location where this man was thought to be living.

.

And now Nyoze was advancing through the forest, heading right for it.
