–Gretel had known everything.

That her house had barely any food left in it.

The red fruits no longer grew on the trees.

Though they went to the village, they could not barter with anyone for food. It wasn’t out of any malice on their end. They were starving too.

Her father started hunting, rather than just cutting wood. But even the animals had their limits, and they were smarter than they’d thought (Well, smarter than Hänsel at least). It was only at the outset that they got any results. The days wore on with her father going out into the woods early in the morning with a bow in hand, and coming home at night empty handed.

–Gretel knew everything.

Her father, her mother, Hänsel, and herself.

The four of them were walking through the woods.

Mother had said they were going to another country.

That it was because there would be more food there than here.

But the country that her mother and father had been born and raised in was swallowed up and erased by that light.

The other countries were much farther away. They weren’t places they could get to by walking.

Inside the dark forest.

She already knew the whole truth.

That if they continued in this way, they’d soon be unable to return.

.

–Hänsel had loved their mother.
She was always doing strange things, but she had been kind to Hänsel and Gretel.

She would scold Gretel sometimes, but that was Gretel’s fault for always misbehaving. The worst had been when Gretel had fished two swords out of the river, and swung them around inside the house. The tip of one of the blades had hit Hänsel in the face. It hadn’t been just their mother, but their father too, who had harshly scolded Gretel then.

–Hänsel had loved their father too.

Their mother was mentally ill, so their father was always doing things for her recovery. He was a very smart man, and he’d told them that he used to be a scientist in the past. There were no schools here or in the village, so their father would give them lessons instead. But Hänsel hadn’t much cared for study. In the end he couldn’t understand addition or subtraction.

Mother’s illness had seemed to be getting better, little by little.

The number of times she did strange things seemed to go down, but at the same time she was becoming less kind.

The times she would make a scary face at Hänsel would go up. It was as though she saw some sort of monster or ghost standing there, when she looked at Hänsel and Gretel.

And now the four of their family were advancing through the woods.

Inside the dark forest.

He already knew the whole truth.

That if they continued in this way, they’d soon be unable to return.

.
–Gretel had known everything.

That Mother and Father weren’t their true mother and father.

That Mother and Father were always living in fear of something.

What they feared was surely Hänsel and Gretel themselves.

And the reason was surely not that Hänsel was slow witted, or that Gretel was mischievous.

Hänsel and Gretel were nothing more than a nuisance to Mother and Father. They didn’t work, only depleting their food supply. And so their parents must have resolved to get rid of the two of them.

.

–Hänsel didn’t love their mother or father anymore.

The two of them had let the twins loose in the forest somewhere, and disappeared.

They were somewhere far away that they’d never been before.

By the smallest light of the great moon, they couldn’t even tell the way back home.

If you have nothing to eat, it’s better to have less mouths to feed.

That must have been their reasoning.

.

…But that wasn’t the only reason.

Mother and Father had been afraid.

Of revenge.

Of karma.
