When their parents had taken Hänsel and Gretel deep into the forest, they had made them gather firewood and set a small bonfire with it.

Hänsel and Gretel had sat at the fire for a time, but eventually they began to nod off from exhaustion.

When they next opened their eyes it was pitch-black around them, and their parents were nowhere in sight.

While being abandoned in a place deep in the woods was naturally quite distressing for them, they did have a small handful of good fortune left to them.

“Mushrooms! There’re mushrooms growing here, Gretel!” Hänsel shouted.

This was a place that people rarely set foot in. So there were some mushrooms that had yet to be picked growing in its vicinity.

“Mushrooms…I don’t really like them much, but beggars can’t be choosers.”

The two of them roasted the mushrooms over the bonfire, and managed to stave off hunger for a while by eating them.

The mushrooms were tastier than expected, and their spirits were bolstered at least a little bit by that. Perhaps that said something about just how empty their stomachs had been.

“Still, we can’t stay here forever.”

Gretel thought about how they might get home, but no good ideas came forward.

And then, Hänsel cut in with a proud look on his face, “Don’t worry. We’ll be able to get home.”

“Huh? How?”

Hänsel showed Gretel a small, empty bottle.

He’d found it some time ago, and hung it from his neck by a string. It was his prized possession.

He was always putting things in that bottle.

“I was gathering pebbles in my glass bottle yesterday.”

“That’s right. Though I had no idea why you were doing that.”

“Yeah, it didn’t really have any meaning behind it. I was just gathering them because I thought they were pretty.”

“…Then what happened to those pebbles? Looks like they’re gone now.”

“I was dropping them one by one on the path until we came up here. ‘Cause they were heavy. But…now I’ve had an idea. I’m sure we can get home if we follow along those stones.”

“Ah, I see. That’s pretty clever, for you. Even if it was by accident. Well then, let’s go.”

Hänsel restlessly looked around them.

“Uh…Ah, here one is.”

The two set out along the path indicated by the trail of small stones.
But…their leads quickly ran out.

The interior of a forest had many pebbles littered about inside it already, and so it had become impossible to tell which ones had been dropped by Hänsel.

“…Yeah. I guess it’s obvious when you think about it. Rocks don’t make very good landmarks. You should have used something else.”

“You say that, but—”

“I guess I’m an even bigger idiot for having any faith in such a stupid idea from an idiot like you.”

“Uh-huh. We’re the idiot twins.”

“Huh? You say something?”

“…No. It’s nothing.” Hänsel held out his small bottle in front of him and stared at it. “Hmm…I wonder what I should have put in it?”

In that moment, the moonlight hit the glass bottle, and it began to shine.

Its light bounced off the pebbles on the ground, and illuminated a path.

“The path! It made a path of light!” Hänsel shouted.

It was a miracle…or was it luck? Neither of them knew, but they had no other clues left.

And so, on this path of light indicated by the glass bottle…they set out.

.
For minutes…for hours…they persistently walked.

And yet, they could not see their home anywhere.

Though the two began to grow nervous that it might not be the right path, they continued to walk.

They steadily grew tired, and they grew hungry again. The only thing growing on the path were more mushrooms.

Neither of them knew how to build a fire, so this time they consumed them raw.

Their anxieties abated some when they ate the mushrooms.

It’s fine…I know we’ll get home.

And they began walking again.

.

Midway through, Gretel suddenly uttered, “This…might be a trap.”

“A trap?”

“I once heard something. That a witch lives in this forest. The witch of the forest uses a spoon instead of a staff, and she can reduce all to ashes with lightning.”

“Urgh…”

“This path of light…It’s a bit too convenient. Maybe the witch of the forest is trying to lead us astray with her magic.”

“But…why?”

“Naturally—to eat us up!”

“Waaugh!”
Shocked, Hänsel fell right on his rump.

“Then let’s quit going any further,” he suggested, looking like he might cry.

But Gretel shook her head. “We’ll starve anyway, at this rate. So we have no choice but to push on.”

“But…”

“I hear that the witch has stockpiled food and treasure. She’s amassed so much that even her house is made of candy. So if we can defeat the witch, we won’t have to worry about food anymore.”

“Defeat her…How?”

“I dunno. I’ll leave that to you, since you’re the man.”

“No way! I’m against discrimination by sex!”

“Well, maybe we’ll manage if we do a surprise attack or something. I’m sure she won’t be expecting that, coming from children.”

The two of them continued walking.

Without even clearly knowing…what lay in wait for them up ahead.
