A single robin perched on a tree branch, and began to chirp.

The two unthinkingly came to a halt, listening to its pretty song.

Eventually the robin stopped singing, and took off from the branch.

The two of them chased after it, and finally the bird landed down somewhere else.

It was…the roof of a small home.

.

“A house!”

Gretel stopped Hänsel before he could run towards it.

“Wait. Didn’t I tell you? That might be the witch’s house.”

“Oh right. Then that means it’s made of candy…Can I take a bite and see?”

“No. That’s the witch’s trap. To lure in children.”

After they looked upon it for a little while, the door to the house opened, and from inside came an elderly woman carrying a spoon.

At one look, the two of them were certain.

This was—the witch of the forest!

Hänsel dropped the glass bottle he’d been carrying in shock.

“…?”

The witch heard the noise, and started to slowly walk their way.

The two quickly tried to hide, but the witch found them before they could.

“Oh my, children!” The witch ran up to them and tightly hugged them both. “I’m so sorry, I wasn’t myself…You must be hungry, right? Come on, come in the house. You’ve nothing to fear now.”

So saying, she took both of their hands and led them into the house.

.

Once they got inside, the witch lit a fire in the stove to start preparing dinner.

As she did that, Hänsel and Gretel started whispering to each other.

“…Hey, what do you think?”

“No doubt about it, she’s trying to put us off guard.”

“I bet she plans to throw us in that oven.”

“Yeah. We’ve gotta do something…before she makes us into a roast.”

Gretel slowly drew up behind the witch, careful not to make any sound with her footsteps.

The witch peered into the oven to check the fire level.

Now!

Gretel pushed the witch into the oven with all her might.

And then she shut the door and drew the latch.

“AAAAAAAAAAAAAAaaaagh–!!”

The witch’s scream resounded through the room like lightning.
There was the sound of her pounding on the oven door.

Gretel covered her ears, and cowered there on the spot.

“I’m sorry, I’m sorry…” she murmured over and over again, not knowing why.

She’d defeated the evil witch.

That was all she’d done, and yet for some reason she couldn’t stop crying.

.

There was no longer any sound or screaming from inside the oven.

The witch had finally burned to death.

–But that didn’t mean that it was all over then.

The door to the house opened, and a man carrying a bow entered.

“–! Y-you two—”

Drat.

The witch had a henchman!

Hänsel rapidly lunged at the man.

“Waaargh!”

The man fell on his back to the ground, Hänsel clinging to him.

But he quickly grabbed at Hänsel, and tossed him away.
As he stood, he looked down at Hänsel, tumbled about on the ground as he was, with an agitated expression.

“Just what are you—”

There was the sharp, stabbing sound.

The man’s eyes widened, and then he collapsed on the spot.

Behind him—at some point another old man had come to be standing there.

“Urr…rrggh,” the man groaned, looking up the old man. “You…!? …S-…Seth?”

“To think I’d be reuniting with you again…I’m quite surprised, Adam.”

“…”

“Still…it’s over now. Sorry, but I don’t have the time to concern myself with you anymore.”

“…Is this…karma…?”

And there the witch’s henchman expired.

Hänsel and Gretel could only stare on in shock at this unexpected course of events.

“Old man…who are you?” Hänsel asked him.

“I am your just and righteous ally, come to save you. …You’ve gotten quite big, Hänsel and Gretel…’Twins of God’.”

“You know about us?”
“Yes, that’s right, Gretel. Since you were little babies—Ah, wait just a moment.”

Seth suddenly looked around them…and rested his eyes on a single point.

“…Someone is watching us.”

Then Seth began to gently reach out his hand for that spot.

“I can’t tolerate someone reading another person’s memories—Nyoze.”

–Everything being displayed there abruptly cut off.
