“…”

“…”

“…Hey, hey hey! Wh-what was that, just now…” Nyoze asked.

Meta shook her head, appearing at a loss herself. “That…shouldn’t be possible. Even for Seth that’s extreme…To get interference from a person inside a memory. It’s nonsensical, in theory.”

The two gears lost their light.

–That wasn’t all. The gears, and even Meta holding them, too…began to melt away as though they were made of wax.
“Is this…Seth’s power…having become a ‘Demon of Deadly Sin’…?”

Nyoze cried out to the crumbling Meta, “Meta!”

“I am…a clone of Seth…but more that, right now I’m nothing but a ghost…I can’t go against his power…If you want to know what happened next…you must search. For Seth, and someone who is of equal power to him…”

“…”

“Assuming…such a person…exists.”

Meta could no longer keep up her human form.

But she just barely managed to whisper in the end, with what was left of her mouth, “Pale…it’s alright…I will always…be waiting here—”

“…”

Meta’s body crumbled along with the gear, leaving behind only a small clod of mud.

“Meta…”

Nyoze could only stand there, motionless.

.

–Meta had died a long time ago.

Her children had been raised by Adam and his wife…and Meta had watched over them as a ghost.
That glass bottle…Hänsel had picked it up somewhere.

But glass was a precious valuable even in Levianta. To say nothing of Elphegort; they didn’t even make it there. It was hard to imagine that someone had just dropped something like that in the middle of the forest.

If it didn’t belong to Adam and his wife…then that little bottle must have been a keepsake from Meta.

And that had guided the twins…

.

Nyoze moved a little further into the woods.

And then he dropped his gaze at a certain spot.

…Growing there were small mushrooms.

Nyoze picked one and looked carefully at it.

Their hue, their characteristic specks…They were the same as the mushrooms that the twins had eaten.

“…Poison mushrooms. Eating them wouldn’t kill them, but they are hallucinogenic.”

The house the twins had found.

The witch and henchman that had been there.

…Their real identities were clear.

.

Had Hänsel and Gretel simply not realized, due to the hallucinations–?

Or—

.

…It was all just speculation now.

Adam and his wife were dead, and the twins had disappeared to parts unknown with Seth.

And…he would likely never meet with Meta again.

No one would know the truth, now.

.

“…Well, what should I do from here?…”

He’d lost all of his leads.

Where had the “Twins of God” vanished to?

Had Seth taken them somewhere?

…I thought for sure he’d been killed when he got caught up in the Catastrophe in the first place.

It was…a bit hard to believe that he’d healed his wounds these last two years, participated in yet more gear memories, and then gained enough power to erase Meta’s ghost.

Meta said that Seth has become a “Demon of Deadly Sin”. Gammon told me to stop the “Demons of Deadly Sin” from being unleashed upon the world.

In other words…he really was too late to fix anything?

“Even if that’s the case…I can’t very well go home only knowing half the story like this.”

Hadn’t Meta told him that his only option was to search for “Seth or someone on his level”?
If Seth were some “Demon of Deadly Sin”, then he needed to find someone at the same rank as a “demon”, or even higher…

It was ridiculous

It couldn’t be…That would have to be a “god”, wouldn’t it?

No…Wait.

It was often said that a god outside of LeviaBehemo lived in this forest.

“The great land god, Held…”

He couldn’t. It took him long enough to find human twins, and now he was going after a god?

Should he pray?

Or make a supplication?

It would be all too easy if that was all it took to get a god to appear before you.

Even LeviaBehemo had needed to get a whole country involved to manifest on the ground world.

“Hah…”

Nyoze heaved a great sigh and looked up to the heavens.

A black bird was flying leisurely through the blue sky.

“If only you were a blue bird.”

It was said that a blue bird would take those who saw it to wherever they wished to go…Nyoze remembered that from a fairytale.

The black bird landed on a branch before Nyoze’s eyes.
Then it fixedly stared at his face.

“Are you hungry too? Unfortunately I don’t have anything on me I could use as bird feed.”

Naturally, he was only talking to himself.

But—

“—Thank you for the concern. However, I can find enough food for myself on my own,” the bird—replied.

“–!?”

All he could do was stare in shock.

A bird…was talking with human speech?

“I don’t believe it…are you ‘God’?” he asked the bird.

“’God’? What do you mean, ‘god’?”

“I mean, that is…you’re not the great land god, Held?”

“Ah, I see. If that’s what you mean, then no. Though I am something a bit similar, I suppose.”

Come to think of it…he had heard something like this from the people of the forest.

That there were beings known as spirits that served Held.

And that they all took the forms of regular forest animals.

“Then are you a ‘spirit’?”

“A ‘spirit’…I’m not sure, but I suppose that’s good enough. Call me whatever you like. However, I would appreciate it if you could address me by my proper name, if possible.”

“You have a name?”

“Of course. Well then…I shall tell it to you.”

The bird respectfully spread its wings, and then once more closed them again.

.

“My name—is Lich.”
