In order to enter the Millennium Tree Forest, one needed a travel permit issued by the Sisters of Clarith. As it was a vast forest there were countless secret pathways, but as Shiro had one such travel permit in her possession, the crew was able to go in through the front entrance like normal.

At the church that stood by that entrance in place of a checkpoint, the nuns there appeared to want to say something to Shiro. But as she was wearing a military uniform and immediately pressed onward after quickly flashing the travel permit, in the end there was no conversation between them.

“Going into holy land is such a bother. I’ve heard that they’re starting to take high tolls from people who don’t have travel permits. Even though this isn’t their land. …They might call themselves a church, but in the end it’s more like money-making racke—”

Bruno had been grumbling to himself, but when he noticed Shiro’s expression turning sullen he immediately shut up.

Without Bruno talking, they were frankly an extraordinarily quiet lineup. The three of them silently advanced through the forest.

The road looked very well organized, apparently maintained by the Held devotees. One could see a few scattered wooden cabins nearby. These were the dwellings of woodcutters who had been granted a license from the Sisters of Clarith.

According to the information Feng had obtained, one of them was the home of the ‘Beastmaster’.

“…Maybe we should try canvassing the place.”

Bruno and the others visited one of the wooden houses. The man inside, with a beard that suited being a woodcutter, appeared to be in the middle of relaxing after having finished supper.

“Hngh? Whaddya want?”

“We just have a couple of questions for you…We heard that the Beastmaster of ‘Zeus’ lived around here.”

“Ah…You must mean that spooky young girl. She’s a little ways along the road from here—”

Suddenly, a bang reverberated through the house.

“Wh-what!?”

The woodcutter dashed outside in a panic.

“Eeeeekh!”

He then fell on his hindquarters, staring up at the sky.

Bruno and the others ran out after him.

“What in…!?”
–The forest had completely changed from a few minutes before.

The branches of all the trees around them had begun to stretch at a bizarrely rapid speed. It was as though they were live snakes.

The branches stabbed into the road, moving to wrap up the surrounding huts.

And the writhing branches—headed straight for Bruno and the others.

“–! Watch out!”

Shiro took both Bruno and Postman in her arms and sprinted for the shack that they’d just been inside.

“…Dammit! That woodcutter’s still—”

But the woodcutter had made it back to the house a little bit behind them.

“…You’re awful. Don’t leave me behind like that.”

“Um…uh…sorry.”

The tree branches continued to lengthen, until they had completely sealed up the entrance to the small hut.

Then they finally stopped moving.

“…Now we can’t get out.” Bruno asked Shiro, “Is this normal for this forest?”

“Nuh uh…this would be a first.”

Shiro drew her pistol and aimed it at the branches.

Then she fired, three times.
–But the wall of branches didn’t budge an inch.

“I guess that’s no use…Looks like we’re not breaking through without any heavy artillery.”

“Hmm—I wonder if this is also the work of the ‘Beastmaster’. Maybe they sensed we were coming.”

“I don’t know about that. I would think that if they had such unbelievable abilities as this, they would be going by some other nickname than ‘Beastmaster’.”

“At any rate, it doesn’t seem like these branches are coming inside the house. We’ve got to come up with a way to get outside somehow…”

The woodcutter was trembling in the corner of the hut.

“H-how horrible…It’s a curse…from the Millennium Tree…I must have angered it by cutting too many trees in the forest—"

Listening to him, Bruno let out a slow sigh. “A curse, huh. Well, I suppose this being the work of a Millennium Tree would be the most appropriate reason. Is that sort of like the god around here?”

“It is.”

“Though I’ve no idea of there’s even such a thing as gods,” Bruno said, glancing over at Shiro.

…Whatever the case, it meant that Bruno, Shiro, Postman, the woodcutter, and myself were all trapped in this hut toget–

–Wait, this is ridiculous!
If it really is the work of the Millennium Tree, then that’s a clear violation of the rules.

The Millennium Tree cannot interfere with human beings!

I’ll have to lodge a complaint!

I may be a mere bat, but I’m at least able to communicate with the Millennium Tree via telepathy!

.

<Can you hear me?>

I called out to the Millennium Tree that governed this forest—Michaela.

I immediately received a reply.

<…Oh? Well, this is quite unusual to have you here>

<What are you trying to do? I can’t imagine this is what Held taught you>

<–That’s right. I’m doing this under my own judgment>

<Then cease your actions at once. In my situation I can’t just let a violation of the rules like this slide>

<Aw come on, we can at least have a chat without you getting on my case over that. –Or rather, there’s something I think you ought to be made aware of>

<…? What’s that?>

<…Lich has started to become more active>

<That stray spirit? I had thought that he would continue to live in that glass for all eternity—what could he be–Are you saying that he has some connection to this matter?>

<No, not really>

<…Then this conversation is over. Hurry up and put those branches where they were. If you don’t—I won’t be able to get out!>

<Sigh…Well, I figure now’s a good time anyway–>

.

–The forest returned to its normal state in the blink of an eye.

While marveling at these events, Bruno and the others inquired as to the home of the “Beastmaster” from the woodcutter and headed there as planned…Eventually, they reached their destination.

.

There was no one inside.

“Did she…escape?” Bruno carefully searched through the hut. “This candle…it looks like it was only just put out. The melted wax hasn’t solidified just yet. She might still be around. Let’s look for her.”

Shiro nodded at Bruno’s suggestion, and the two of them started to head outside.

But Postman did not move to go after them.

“…? What’s wrong, Postman?” Bruno asked.

Postman was carrying a doll with both arms.
“Did you…find that in this hut?”

Postman nodded.

The moment that he was close enough to see the doll, Bruno’s eyes widened.

“That doll—it looks almost exactly like Michelle. What is something like that doing here…”

Gun still in hand, Shiro suggested, “If that belongs to the ‘Beastmaster’…Then maybe that means her aim was Michelle all along. –Postman, do you want to send the doll to Hel and the others?”

“Of course, this may very well turn out to be critical evidence—Got it, Postman. You can deliver this as a mail carrier. As for us…We’ll chase after this ‘Beastmaster’!”

Bruno and Shiro hurriedly raced out of the hut.

.

After that, Postman went—not to Hel and the others.

Instead, they went to a dwelling of the USE allied forces…where Ma lived.

“I see, you found this in the forest—thank you, Postman.”

After handing Ma the doll, Postman disappeared somewhere.

“The Clockworker’s Doll…To think we’d be reunited again like this.”

She quietly set the doll on the table.

“This is another ‘Vessel of Deadly Sin’…But it has no use to m—Wait…Perhaps…”
She appeared to be considering something.

“…Yes. Depending on how you look at it, this just might be what I’ve been waiting for.”

She suddenly seized the doll in her grip.

“Let’s make this doll—into a replacement for Michelle—"

Ma’s eyes began to sparkle mysteriously.
